Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN &amp; HIRE AMERICAN!
#InaugurationDay #MAGA🇺🇸
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, it’s going to be #AmericaFirst🇺🇸
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.
power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. #InaugurationDay
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another – but we are transferring...
It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!
the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!
.@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!
Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed &amp; others that jobs are coming back...
Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!
John Lewis said about my inauguration, "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff."
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....
The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!
At 9:00 P.M. @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great!
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
.@FoxNews "Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really, couldn't do...
.@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!
about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, &amp; when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologize
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)...
For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number..
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!"  @OANN
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.
The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history!
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....
released by "Intelligence" even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!
.@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. @LBPerfectMaine
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair!
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford &amp; Fiat C!
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after...
Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him.......
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to @NBCNews. So serious!
Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter &amp; star
both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We.....
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast &amp; Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich &amp; Hillary
Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for....
Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.
to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan!
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people....
...time for Republicans &amp; Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive &amp; FAR BETTER!
...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor, keep your plan!" It is....
The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they..
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement"
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......
things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass.
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.
There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.
........may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS
With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!" - And, it is lousy healthcare.
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY"
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!
China has been taking out massive amounts of money &amp; wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!
I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....
@CNN just released a book called "Unprecedented" which explores the 2016 race &amp; victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!
Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!
Russians are playing @CNN and @NBCNews for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue! @FoxNews totally gets it!
Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but.......
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report!
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.
Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!
.@FoxNews - "Objectified" tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!
.@NBCNews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: "until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes."  Dishonest!
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: "In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity."  So true!
slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, "by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will......
As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th.
my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!
My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with...
The so-called "A" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase "DRAIN THE SWAMP" was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS.
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult &amp; sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!
especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" ...
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned &amp; called terrible names!
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!
Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!
Well, we all did it, together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor!
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State.
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!
Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
Unless you catch "hackers" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although @CNN is right up there!
Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman &amp; CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!
Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous &amp; untrue - FAKE NEWS!
As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B &amp; have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
.@RudyGiuliani, one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for "State".
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues
Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30. Enjoy!
Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
If the press would cover me accurately &amp; honorably, I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!
their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into..
.@FoxNews will be re-running "Objectified: Donald Trump," the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...
wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but.....
without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......
fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  ......
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad
Our great VPE, @mike_pence, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!
do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ...
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country.
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.We will keep our companies and jobs in the U.S. Thanks Carrier
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A.C. staying in Indianapolis. Great deal for workers!
My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires. Stay safe!
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
I thought that @CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!
.@CNN is so embarrassed by their total  (100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do.
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U.S. as a whole, I will terminate deal.
Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
Trump is going to be our President. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead." So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad
this election. That is a direct threat to our democracy." She then said, "We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --
of position." Then, separately she stated, "He said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --
during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --
and fair elections. We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
Hillary's debate answer on delay: "That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We've had free --
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change
The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore!
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated &amp; demoralized Dems
Fidel Castro is dead!
I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A.C. Company to stay in the U.S. (Indiana). MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad &amp; so terrible. Condolences to all family members and loved ones. These beautiful children will be remembered!
I am seriously considering Dr. Ben Carson as the head of HUD. I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!
The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. Look forward to it!
Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years.
The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that - but why announce?
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice
Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States. He would do a great job!
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world.Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer. He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done. Good news!
General James "Mad Dog" Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday. A true General's General!
I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!
Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today. #MAGA
Australia, New Zealand, and more. I am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me.
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,
The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. It is going so smoothly. Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders.
I am not trying to get "top level security clearance" for my children. This was a typically false news story.
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions. I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different!
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N.Y. Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!
I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes "more countries should acquire nuclear weapons." How dishonest are they. I never said this!
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win. The people of Ohio were incredible!
Jeb Bush, George W and George H.W. all called to express their best wishes on the win. Very nice!
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win. Very nice!
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me. I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the "Trump phenomena"
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans. We will unite and we will win, win, win!
Busy day planned in New York. Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!
A fantastic day in D.C. Met with President Obama for first time. Really good meeting, great chemistry. Melania liked Mrs. O a lot!
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before
Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left. GO FLORIDA!
Just out according to @CNN: "Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country"
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends. Very exciting!
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary &amp; @koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare &amp; amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL @EricGreitens!
Watch Coach Mike Ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pmE on #WattersWorld with @jessebwatters @FoxNews.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If Obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect Hillary, we would all be much better off!
Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs &amp; fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!
ObamaCare is a total disaster. Hillary Clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. Doesn't work, I will REPEAL AND REPLACE!
My wife, Melania, will be speaking in Pennsylvania this afternoon. So exciting, big crowds! I will be watching from North Carolina.
Praying for the families of the two Iowa police who were ambushed this morning. An attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all.
Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER they were subpoenaed by the United States Congress. Guilty - cannot run. Rigged system!
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare. We will have MUCH less expensive and MUCH better healthcare. With Hillary, costs will triple!
You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@DarrellIssa is a very good man. Help him win his congressional seat in California.
So terrible that Crooked didn't report she got the debate questions from Donna Brazile, if that were me it would have been front page news!
Crooked Hillary should not be allowed to run for president. She deleted 33,000 e-mails AFTER getting a subpoena from U.S. Congress. RIGGED!
Wow, now leading in @ABC /@washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up!
Look at the way Crooked Hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. She is unfit to be president. Bad judgement!
Wow, Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
Hillary and the Dems loved and praised FBI Director Comey just a few days ago. Original evidence was overwhelming, should not have delayed!
We are now leading in many polls, and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on Friday - great in states!
I am in Colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon!
Just out: Neera Tanden, Hillary Clinton adviser said, “Israel is depressing.” I think Israel is inspiring!
Heading to New Hampshire. Will be talking about the disaster known as ObamaCare!
If my people said the things about me that Podesta &amp; Hillary's people said about her, I would fire them out of self respect. "Bad instincts"
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on?
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!
REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! 
#ObamaCareInThreeWords
Obamacare is a disaster. Rates going through the sky - ready to explode. I will fix it. Hillary can't!
#ObamacareFailed
We are winning and the press is refusing to report it. Don't let them fool you- get out and vote! #DrainTheSwamp on November 8th!
Why has nobody asked Kaine about the horrible views emanated on WikiLeaks about Catholics? Media in the tank for Clinton but Trump will win!
Major story that the Dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the Trump . We are going to WIN!
Wow, just came out on secret tape that Crooked Hillary wants to take in as many Syrians as possible. We cannot let this happen - ISIS!
The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!
Well, Iran has done it again. Taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. This doesn't happen if I'm president!
The media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. Biggest crowds ever - watch what happens!
Just returned from Pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. Amazing crowd. Will be going back tomorrow, to Gettysburg!
The results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous, I WON! Thank you, these are very exciting times.
When Obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost $13,375. Today they are $18,142. Thanks, Obama.
Why didn't Hillary Clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! Crooked Hillary.
That was really exciting. Made all of my points. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for Hillary. #BigLeagueTruth
I started this campaign to Make America Great Again. That’s what I’m going to do. #MAGA #debate
USA has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. We need change! #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Bernie Sanders on HRC: Bad Judgement. John Podesta on HRC: Bad Instincts. #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
Moderator: “Respectfully, you won’t answer the pay-to-play question.” #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Our country is stagnant. We’ve lost jobs and business. We don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill Hillary’s husband signed and she blessed
.@HillaryClinton has been doing this for THIRTY YEARS....where has she been? #BigLeagueTruth
I will renegotiate NAFTA. If I can’t make a great deal, we’re going to tear it up. We’re going to get this economy running again. #Debate
Moderator: Hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Moderator: Hillary paid $225,000 by a Brazilian bank for a speech that called for “open borders.” That’s a quote! #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions, no ideas, no credibility.She supported NAFTA, worst deal in US history. #Debate
One of my first acts as President will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #Debate #MAGA
Drugs are pouring into this country. If we have no border, we have no country. That’s why ICE endorsed me. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
.@HillaryClinton lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2A will not survive a Hillary presidency. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
The 2nd Amendment is under siege. We need SCOTUS judges who will uphold the US Constitution. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Ready to lead. Ready to Make America Great Again. #Debate #MAGA
I will be handing over my Twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight's #debate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on @CNN. I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!
I will sign the first bill to repeal #Obamacare and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!
New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught
Wow, new polls just came out from @CNN   Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.
Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!
ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!  @NCGOP
Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP
Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - &amp; Paul Ryan does zilch!
Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!
Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.
The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD
Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!
Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!
Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!
A great day in New Hampshire and Maine. Fantastic crowds and energy! #MAGA
The failing @nytimes reporters don't even call us anymore, they just write whatever they want to write, making up sources along the way!
Nothing ever happened with any of these women. Totally made up nonsense to steal the election. Nobody has more respect for women than me!
Landing in New Hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there, and all over the country.
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges, and outright lies, in order to elect Crooked Hillary!
100% fabricated and made-up charges, pushed strongly by the media and the Clinton Campaign, may poison the minds of the American Voter. FIX!
Dem Gov. of MN. just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!
Great event in Columbus- taking off for Cincinnati now. Great new Ohio poll out- thank you!
OHIO NBC/WSJ/MARIST POLL
Trump 42% 
Clinton 41%
Just left a great rally in Florida - now heading to Ohio for two more. Will be there soon.
I am making a major speech in West Palm Beach, Florida at noon. Tune in!
The phony story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on women. WATCH!
Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the "incident" in her story. Because it did not happen!
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
Very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by WikiLeaks. So dishonest! Rigged system!
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
Wow, @CNN Town Hall questions were given to Crooked Hillary Clinton in advance of big debates against Bernie Sanders. Hillary &amp; CNN FRAUD!
I hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of Hillary Clinton as exposed by WikiLeaks. She is unfit to run.
In Texas now, leaving soon for BIG rally in Florida!
The very foul mouthed Sen. John McCain begged for my support during his  primary (I gave, he won), then dropped me over locker room remarks!
Disloyal R's are far more difficult than Crooked Hillary. They come at you from all sides. They don’t know how to win - I will teach them!
With the exception of cheating Bernie out of the nom the Dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the Republicans!
It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to.
Our very weak and ineffective leader, Paul Ryan, had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty.
Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll), it is hard to do well when Paul Ryan and others give zero support!
Wow, @CNN got caught fixing their "focus group" in order to make Crooked Hillary look better. Really pathetic and totally dishonest!
Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget, jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting Republican nominee
Thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. Very exciting!
Hypocrite: @HillaryClinton is the single biggest beneficiary of Citizens United in history, by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth
Our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #BigLeagueTruth #debate
@AC360: “How can you unite a country if you’ve written off tens of millions of Americans?” #Deplorables #BigLeagueTruth #Debate
This country cannot take four more years of Barack Obama! #Debate
We agree @POTUS-

"SHE'LL (Hillary Clinton) SAY ANYTHING &amp; CHANGE NOTHING. IT'S TIME TO TURN THE PAGE" -President Obama
If @HillaryClinton is president, she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done. #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
In my administration, EVERY American will be treated equally, protected equally, and honored equally #Debate #BigLeagueTruth
Hypocrite! @HillaryClinton claims she needs a “public and a private stance” in discussions with Wall Street banks. #Debate
.@HillaryClinton : Bill “clarified” what he meant when calling Obamacare a “disaster.” Actually “disaster” is pretty clear. #Debate
We must repeal Obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive, comprehensive, affordable system. #debate #MAGA
ATTN: @HillaryClinton - Why did five of your staffers need FBI IMMUNITY?! #BigLeagueTruth #Debates
Hillary’s 33,000 deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding. That’s a lot of wedding emails. #debate
Basically nothing Hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #CrookedHillary
If I win-I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
There’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than Bill Clinton.My words were unfortunate-the Clintons’ actions were far worse
I’m not proud of my locker room talk. But this world has serious problems. We need serious leaders. #debate #BigLeagueTruth
It’s this simple. “Make America Great Again.” #debate #BigLeagueTruth
My team of deplorables will be taking over my Twitter account for tonight's #debate
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
Tremendous support (except for some Republican "leadership"). Thank you.
Thank you to my great supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA
Certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
Praying for everyone in Florida. Hoping the hurricane dissipates, but in any event, please be careful.
EARLY VOTING: MN &amp; IA already underway, more states coming up in the next week: OH, ME, AZ, IN — check w/local officials for details &amp; VOTE!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your kind remarks on the important issue of PTSD and the dishonest media. Great to be in Arizona yesterday!
Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy', 'doesn't work' and 'doesn't make sense'.  Thanks Bill for telling the truth.
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
I agree Mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #VPDebate 

"Police officers are the best of us..."
@Mike_Pence
.@mike_pence is doing a great job - so far, no contest!
.@megynkelly- I am in Nevada. Sorry to inform you Kellyanne is in the audience. Better luck next time.
Both are looking good! Now we begin!
Here we go - Enjoy!
I will be live-tweeting the V.P. Debate. Very exciting! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, @CNN is so negative. Their panel is a joke, biased and very dumb. I'm turning to @FoxNews where we get a fair shake! Mike will do great
Wow, did you just hear Bill Clinton's statement on how bad ObamaCare is. Hillary not happy. As I have been saying, REPEAL AND REPLACE!
I will be watching the great Governor @Mike_Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!
Just announced that Iraq (U.S.) is preparing for battle to reclaim Mosul. Why do they have to announce this? Makes mission much harder!
Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States, in Israel, and around the world.
Bernie should pull his endorsement of Crooked Hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters.
I have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great American prosperity. Hillary has only created jobs at the FBI and DOJ!
I know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimes
Heading to Pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, just saw the really bad @CNN ratings. People don't want to watch bad product that only builds up Crooked Hillary.
The so-called Commission on Presidential Debates admitted to us that the DJT audio &amp; sound level was very bad. So why didn't they fix it?
I won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided "spin" that followed. This despite the really bad microphone.
For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas &amp; Arizona papers &amp; now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it!
Remember, don't believe "sources said" by the VERY dishonest media. If they don't name the sources, the sources don't exist.
Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate?
Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con.
Wow, Crooked Hillary was duped and used by my worst Miss U. Hillary floated her as an "angel" without checking her past, which is terrible!
Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying "sources said," DO NOT believe it. There are no sources, they are just made up lies!
Wow, did you see how badly @CNN (Clinton News Network) is doing in the ratings. With people like @donlemon, who could expect any more?
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
Joining @oreillyfactor from Waukesha, Wisconsin - now, live! Enjoy!
Every on-line poll, Time Magazine, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate. Thank you to Fox &amp; Friends for so reporting!
In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and we’re still going! Thank you America! #MAGA
Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!
Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.
The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon - thank you!
I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched @CNN poll.
I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?
Great debate poll numbers - I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!
.@newtgingrich just said "a historic victory for Trump." NICE!
Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for @CNN - which I don't watch). Thank you!
Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #debatenight
Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks, @HillaryClinton.
This is the simple fact about @HillaryClinton: she is a typical politician - all talk, no action. #Debates2016
.@HillaryClinton has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her? #Debates2016
.@HillaryClinton channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #TPP #Debates2016
.@HillaryClinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!
#DebateNight #TrumpPence16
Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer, the "King," has died. There was no-one like him - a true champion! He will be truly missed.
Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!
Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M.
Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!
Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!
If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!
The @SenTedCruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.
Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!
Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers &amp; sm. biz, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%.
Spoke with Governor @PatMcCroryNC of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.
Will be on @foxandfriends now.
I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on @seanhannity - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
.@YoungDems4Trump  Thank you!
Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership.
The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.
Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!
Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!
Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.
Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.
I will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!
Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?
Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 A.M.  Enjoy.
Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!
Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!
I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.
Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.
Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.
My lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting
The failing @nytimes has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!
Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes, pretends she knows me well--wrong!
Wacky @NYTimesDowd, who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!
.@CNN just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!
I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.
Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!
I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement.
Will be joining @jimmyfallon on @FallonTonight at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by @jessebwatters on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!
Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?
Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?
Just got back from Asheville,  North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!  #MAGA
Will be on @CNBC at @7:22. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
The seriously failing @nytimes, despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!
Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!
Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!
Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!
Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.
I havn't seen @tonyschwartz in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!
Dummy writer @tonyschwartz, who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on @oreillyfactor at 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida.
Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed @CNN announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!
Jeff Zucker failed @NBC and he is now failing @CNN.
.@CNN is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. They
are a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.
The documentary of me that @CNN just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!
It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.
With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.
Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.
Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as #POTUS.
Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!
COMING UP @GenFlynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriends
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night.
Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 11pmE @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Mainstream media never covered Hillary’s massive “hacking”
or coughing attack, yet it is #1 trending. What’s up?
As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.
China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible!
The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!
President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!
Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?
To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE "T"
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!
The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as @JeffFlake, if it is going to stop illegal immigration.
Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!
Wow, the failing @nytimes has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source
.@CNN is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.
Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all @CNN talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!
I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!
Just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @Morning_Joe. Joe a mess!
I will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. Enjoy!
Poll numbers way up - making big progress!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.
Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."
I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.
From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!
Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!
Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENT
Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere
Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!
Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!
I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.
I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?
Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.
Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator @JoniErnst. Look forward to being with all of my friends.
My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.
Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!
Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great! #ImWithYou
I will be interviewed by @kimguilfoyle 
at 7pm on @FoxNews. #Enjoy!
How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?
I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solve
Wonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @MSNBC by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @Morning_Joe. Apologize!
What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communities
Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
Just watched recap of #CrookedHillary's speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!
So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promise
Poll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida @CNN Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!
Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!
Great Governor @Mike_Pence is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.
Will be on #Hannity @ 10pE @FoxNews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will #BuildTheWall &amp; enforce our laws!
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.
President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!
Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!
It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!
I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a @FoxNews Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!
The @WashingtonPost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring!
.@AnnCoulter's new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!
Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!
Tried watching low-rated @Morning_Joe this morning,  unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!
I heard that @Morning_Joe was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!
Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!
I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!
We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA
Will be interviewed on @JudgeJeanine at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!
#WheresHillary? Sleeping!!!!!
Great job by @EricTrump on interview with @BillHemmer on @FoxNews. #ImWithYou #TrumpTrain
Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.
The reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.
Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI.
They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!
I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @seanhannity - @FoxNews
Will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!
My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.
If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%
The failing @nytimes, which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never said
The failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
The failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!
Will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm, hosted by @GovMikeHuckabee. Enjoy!
ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!
I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!
A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!
Ratings challenged @CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS, &amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?
Will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.
Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by @CNN is a hoax. Totally dishonest.
No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings" @CNN.
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas. #LESM
Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and #2A - sad &amp; irrelevant!
.@dbongino  You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on @CNN. Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock
Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?
I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now!
Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!
Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!
The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest!
I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!
I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!
Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!
Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED."
Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!
Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!
The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!
Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!
President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.
Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!
There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!
Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!
Thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words, very much appreciated.
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!
When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down," I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!
Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing @nytimes is a joke. @CNN is laughable!
The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?
I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!
Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!
Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.
Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event! @CNN @FoxNews
Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!
The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!
Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP
Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?
I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!
Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings
Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!
Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.
Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, 
NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.
Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.
As usual, Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!
Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.
I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!
Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!
The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!
Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!
If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  #NeverHillary
General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD  #NeverHillary
Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!
Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!
The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke. @CNN and the little watched @Morning_Joe = SAD!
No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.
Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.
Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.
Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.
Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.
Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.
A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.
President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #DNC
Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
If Russia or any other country or person has Hillary Clinton's 33,000 illegally deleted emails, perhaps they should share them with the FBI!
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining-then a small one. Pathetic
Our not very bright Vice President, Joe Biden, just stated that I wanted to "carpet bomb" the enemy. Sorry Joe, that was Ted Cruz!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
Hopefully the violent and vicious killing by ISIS of a beloved French priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. Get tough!
The Democratic Convention has paid ZERO respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. No recognition - SAD!
Funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing Dems narrative that Russia is working for me because Putin said "Trump is a genius." America 1st!
As I have been saying, Crooked Hillary will approve the job killing TPP after the election, despite her statements to the contrary: top adv.
Many of Bernie's supporters have left the arena. Did Bernie go home and go to sleep?
I hate to say it, but the Republican Convention was far more interesting (with a much more beautiful set) than the Democratic Convention!
No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it, the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. Highly overrated!
You have no idea what my strategy on ISIS is, and neither does ISIS (a good thing). Please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly
For the record, I have ZERO investments in Russia.
In order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the Wikileakes disaster, the Dems said maybe it is Russia dealing with Trump. Crazy!
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS &amp; her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
Bernie's exhausted, he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
The invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for Crooked Hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
Pocahontas bombed last night! Sad to watch.
Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS, bad trade deals, broken borders, police and law and order. The Republican Convention was great
Funny, if you listen to @FoxNews, the Democrats did not have a good day. If you listen to the other two, they are fawning. What a difference
Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.
Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.
I was at @FoxNews and met Juan Williams in passing.  He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!
Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!
While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.
Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.
Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA
The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!
Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie.
If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.
Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!
The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me
Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS &amp; all others laughing!
The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!
The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive &amp; well!
Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!
Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out
If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild
The @CNN panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump. @FoxNews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!
I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!
Today proves what I have always known, that @Reince Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (@DWStweets.)
Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!
There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!
Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!
Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT
The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!
Thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on Thursday night. From the heart!
The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her, unless he is a fraud!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
Tim Kaine has been praising the Trans Pacific Partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. Job killer!
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes, really vicious. RIGGED
Pocahontas wanted V.P. slot so badly but wasn't chosen because she has done nothing in the Senate. Also, Crooked Hillary hates her!
Tim Kaine is, and always has been, owned by the banks. Bernie supporters are outraged, was their last choice. Bernie fought for nothing!
The Bernie Sanders supporters are furious with the choice of Tim Kaine, who represents the opposite of what Bernie stands for. Philly fight?
I highly recommend the just out book - THE FIELD OF FIGHT - by General Michael Flynn. How to defeat radical Islam.
Is it the same Kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while Governor of Virginia and didn't get indicted while Bob M did?
Another attack, this time in Germany. Many killed. God bless the people of Munich.
One of the best produced, including the incredible stage &amp; set, in the history of conventions. Great unity! Big T.V. ratings! @KarlRove
Thank you Cleveland. We love you and will be back many times!
What a great four days in Cleveland. So proud of the great job done by the RNC and all. The police and Secret Service were fantastic!
Other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses, the party is VERY united. Great love in the arena!
Ted Cruz talks about the Constitution but doesn't say that if the Dems win the Presidency, the new JUSTICES appointed will destroy us all!
I am soooo proud of my children, Don, Eric and Tiffany - their speeches, under enormous pressure, were incredible. Ivanka intros me tonight!
Arena was packed, totally electric!
.@mike_pence was fantastic tonight. Will be a great V.P.
Wow, Ted Cruz got booed off the stage, didn't honor the pledge! I saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. No big deal!
#TextTrump88022 for exclusive @realDonaldTrump updates!  We will Make America Great Again!
Thank you to Governor @ScottWalker for such warm support. Great speech!
Watching the #GOPConvention
#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
John Kasich was never asked by me to be V.P. Just arrived in Cleveland - will be a great two days!
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Good news is Melania's speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
In November, I think the people of Ohio will remember that the Republicans picked Cleveland instead of going to another state. Jobs!
Bill Hemmer of @FoxNews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. More than in past years.
Congratulations to my children, Don and Tiffany, on having done a fantastic job last night. I am very proud of you!
Such a great honor to be the Republican Nominee for President of the United States. I will work hard and never let you down! AMERICA FIRST!
The ROLL CALL is beginning at the Republican National Convention. Very exciting!
It was truly an honor to introduce my wife, Melania. Her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. Very proud! #GOPConvention
Will be on @OreillyFactor tonight at 8:30pm @FoxNews- prior to Melania's speech at the #GOPConvention. Tune in- she will do great! #RNCinCLE
Networks other than low ratings @CNN have been very fair and exciting!
.@CNN is the worst.They go to their dumb, one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for Trump! VAST MAJORITY want: Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife, Melania. Place looks beautiful!
President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good, we are not looking smart, we are not looking tough!
I will be on @60Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Mike Pence talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
We are TRYING to fight ISIS, and now our own people are killing our police. Our country is divided and out of control. The world is watching
The ratings at @FoxNews blow away the ratings of @CNN - not even close. That's because CNN is the Clinton News Network and people don't like
.@FoxNews is much better, and far more truthful, than @CNN, which is all negative. Guests are stacked for Crooked Hillary! I don't watch.
If Goofy Elizabeth Warren, a very weak Senator, didn't lie about her heritage (being Native American) she would be nothing today. Pick her H
I hope that Crooked Hillary picks Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, as her V.P. Then we can litigate her fraud!
It doesn't matter that Crooked Hillary has experience, look at all of the bad decisions she has made. Bernie said she has bad judgement!
As the days and weeks go by,  we see what a total mess our country (and world) is in - Crooked Hillary Clinton led Obama into bad decisions!
We are going to have a great time in Cleveland. Will lead to special results for our country. We will Make America Great Again!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, who may be the least productive Senator in the U.S. Senate, must prove she is not a fraud. Without the con it's over
Thank you to Jack Morgan, Tamara Neo, Cheryl Ann Kraft and all of my friends and supporters in Virginia. GREAT JOB!
Thank you to Chris Cox and Bikers for Trump - Your support has been amazing. I will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street, lobbyists and special interests. She will sell our country down the tubes!
Very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes, Crooked Hillary Clinton, can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
Crooked Hillary, who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies, has been a DISASTER on foreign policy. Look what's happening!
Crooked Hillary is spending big Wall Street money on ads saying I don't have foreign policy experience, yet look what her policies have done
Look forward to introducing Governor Mike Pence (who has done a spectacular job in the great State of Indiana). My first choice from start!
Look forward to Governor Mike Pence V.P. introduction tomorrow in New York City.
I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
Four more years of weakness with a Crooked Hillary Administration is not acceptable. Look what has happened to the world with O &amp; Hillary!
#NeverTrump is never more. They were crushed last night in Cleveland at Rules Committee by a vote of 87-12. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
I employ many people in the State of Virginia - JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Crooked Hillary will sell us out, just like her husband did with NAFTA.
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
If I win the Presidency, we will swamp Justice Ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
Even the @NYTimes and @WashingtonPost Editorial Boards condemned Justice Ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. What was she thinking?
Is Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? Big mistake by an incompetent judge!
On my way to San Diego to raise money for the Republican Party. I am spending a lot myself and also helping others.
Voters understand that Crooked Hillary's negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity.
Despite spending $500k a day on TV ads alone #CrookedHillary falls flat in nationwide @QuinnipiacPoll. Having ZERO impact. Sad!!
Is President Obama trying to destroy Israel with all his bad moves? Think about it and let me know!
The Republican platform is most 
pro-Israel of all time!
New GOP platform now includes language that supports the border wall. We will build the wall and MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Justice Ginsburg of the U.S. Supreme Court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. Her mind is shot - resign!
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8pm. Enjoy!
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals &amp; global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first.
Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs.
I am somewhat surprised that Bernie Sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. They are not happy that he is selling out!
Bernie Sanders, who has lost most of his leverage, has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. He will endorse her today - fans angry!
This election is a choice between law, order &amp; safety - or chaos, crime &amp; violence. I will make America safe again for everyone. #ImWithYou
For too many years, our inner cities have been left behind. I am going to deliver jobs, safety and protection for those in need.
Crime is out of control, and rapidly getting worse. Look what is going on in Chicago and our inner cities. Not good!
Thoughts and prayers with the victims, and their families- along with everyone at the Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.
I heard that the underachieving John King of @CNN on Inside Politics was one hour of lies. Happily, few people are watching - dead network!
The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement, they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.They think the public is stupid!
President Obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. He is living in a world of the make believe!
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
Way to go @serenawilliams  - you are a true champion. Proud of you!
Isn't it sad that on a day of national tragedy Hillary Clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @CNN?
Due to the horrific events taking place in our country, I have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in Miami.
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
After today, Crooked Hillary can officially be called Lyin' Crooked Hillary.
Just leaving D.C. Had great meetings with Republicans in the House and Senate. Very interesting day! These are people who love our country!
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
I have over seven million hits on social media re Crooked Hillary Clinton. Check it out Sleepy Eyes, @MarkHalperin @NBCPolitics
Sleepy eyes Chuck Todd, a man with so little touch for politics, is at it again.He could not have watched my standing ovation speech in N.C.
Even the once great Caesars is bankrupt in A.C. Others to follow. Ask the Democrat City Council what happened to Atlantic City.
Hillary Clinton should ask why the Democrat pols in Atlantic City made all the wrong moves - Convention Center, Airport - and destroyed City
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City and left 7 years ago, great timing (as all know). Pols made big mistakes, now many bankruptcies.
Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch, her time will come!
Crooked Hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest, incompetent and of very bad judgement.
Crooked Hillary Clinton and her team "were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information." Not fit!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is unfit to serve as President of the U.S. Her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. BAD JUDGEMENT!
I don't think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed Crooked Hillary to get away with "murder." Come November 8, she's out!
Raised a lot of money for the Republican Party. There will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. Lots of support! Win
I will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 11pm. Enjoy!
My son, @EricTrump will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Looking forward to meeting with @SenBobCorker in a little while. We will be traveling to North Carolina together today.
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem
The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad judgment.
It was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. She has done a fantastic job for the people of Iowa and U.S. Will see her again!
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Obama and Crooked Hillary. A total disgrace!
On @FoxNews at 7:00 P.M. "Special: Meet the Trumps" Hope you enjoy!
Why is President Obama allowed to use Air Force One on the campaign trail with Crooked Hillary? She is flying with him tomorrow. Who pays?
With Hillary and Obama, the terrorist attacks will only get worse. Politically correct fools, won't even call it what it is - RADICAL ISLAM!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is "guilty as hell" but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! Where are the 33,000 missing e-mails?
The only people who are not interested in being the V.P. pick are the people who have not been asked!
I look forward to meeting @joniernst today in New Jersey. She has done a great job as Senator of Iowa!
Spent time with Indiana Governor Mike Pence and family yesterday. Very impressed, great people!
Senator Tom Cotton was great on Meet the Press yesterday. Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!
Dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the Star of David rather than a Sheriff's Star, or plain star!
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to handle the complexities and danger of ISIS - it will just go on forever. We need change!
The third mass attack (slaughter) in days by ISIS. 200 dead in Baghdad, worst in many years. We do not have leadership that can stop this!
In Bangladesh, hostages were immediately killed by ISIS terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the Koran. 20 were killed!
I believe that Crooked Hillary sent Bill to have the meeting with the U.S.A.G. So Bill is not in trouble with H except that he got caught!
The SECRET meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. in back of closed plane was heightened with FBI shouting "go away, no pictures."
Does anybody really believe that Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. talked only about "grandkids" and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
On Saturday a great man, Elie Wiesel, passed away.The world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged &amp; corrupt!
Only a fool would believe that the meeting between Bill Clinton and the U.S.A.G. was not arranged or that Crooked Hillary did not know.
Just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me Chuck Todd, and the entire show, is against me.The good news-the people get it!
It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said, the system is totally rigged!
It is impossible for the FBI not to recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. What she did was wrong! What Bill did was stupid!
The speakers slots at the Republican Convention are totally filled, with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - Wednesday release
Just read in the failing @nytimes that I was not aware "the event had to be held in Cleveland" - a total lie. These people are sick!
Just returned from Colorado. Amazing crowd!
.@TraceAdkins great job on FOX this morning. Keep up the good work!
Take a look at what happened w/ Bill Clinton. The system is totally rigged. Does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
Bill Clinton's meeting was a total secret. Nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter.
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton has bad judgement. Bill's meeting was probably initiated and demanded by Hillary!
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm on FOX! Enjoy!
The reason I put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple, I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. $50 million loan. I have totally terminated the loan!
The very dishonest @NBCNews refuses to accept the fact that I have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign. Done deal!
New book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read! #WakeUpAmerica
For reasons only they can explain, the @USChamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better.
Tremendous day in Massachusetts and Maine. Thank you to everyone for making it so special!
I will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
Just watched Senator John Barrasso on @FoxNews - He was great! Thank you John.
Why would the USChamber be upset by the fact that I want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that I want penalties for cheaters?
The @USCHAMBER must fight harder for the American worker. China, and many others, are taking advantage of U.S. with our terrible trade pacts
Iron Mike Tyson was not asked to speak at the Convention though I'm sure he would do a good job if he was. The media makes everything up!
We must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the United States.
Yet another terrorist attack, this time in Turkey. Will
the world ever realize what is going on? So sad.
Hillary Clinton’s Presidency would be catastrophic for
the future of our country. She is ill-fit with bad judgment.
Benghazi is just another Hillary Clinton failure. It just
never seems to work the way it's supposed to with Clinton.
.@CNN is all negative when it comes to me. I don't watch it anymore.
The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong), watch November
Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate, goofy Elizabeth Warren, who lied on heritage.
The "dirty" poll done by @ABC @washingtonpost is a disgrace. Even they admit that many more Democrats were polled. Other polls were good.
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Hillary Clinton is not a change agent, just the same old status quo! She is spending a fortune, I am spending very little. Close in polls!
People in our country want borders, and without them the old line pols like Crooked Hillary will not win. It is time for CHANGE -- and JOBS!
The @ABC poll sample is heavy on Democrats.  Very dishonest - why would they do that? Other polls good!
Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot, but I never did = lie! Was there to support son
Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on BREXIT with big dollar ads. Disgraceful!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who called BREXIT 100% wrong (along with Obama), is now spending Wall Street money on an ad on my correct call.
George Will, one of the most overrated political pundits (who lost his way long ago), has left the Republican Party.He's made many bad calls
Just landed in New York - a one night stay in Scotland. Turnberry came out magnificently. My son, Eric, did a great job - under budget!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' -- but we must enforce the laws of the land!
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
So funny, Crooked Hillary called BREXIT so incorrectly, and now she says that she is the one to deal with the U.K. All talk, no action!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
Many people are equating BREXIT, and what is going on in Great Britain, with what is happening in the U.S. People want their country back!
The opening of Trump Turnberry in Scotland was a big success. Good timing, I was here for BREXIT. Very exciting news conference today!
Crooked Hillary called it totally wrong on BREXIT - she went with Obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. She would be a disaster
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w/a free &amp; ind UK. We stand together as friends, as allies, &amp; as a people w/a shared history.
Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's, and the people of the UK have exercised that right for all the world to see.
Getting ready to open the magnificent Turnberry in Scotland. What a great day, especially when added to the brave &amp; brilliant vote.
Just arrived in Scotland. Place is going wild over the vote. They took their country back, just like we will take America back. No games!
Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!
Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!
Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.
On immigration, I’m consulting with our immigration officers
&amp; our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.
Obama &amp; Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, &amp; start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.
Hillary Clinton’s open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. #Imwithyou
SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic &amp; African-American workers.
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama."  --  Donald J. Trump
Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying."
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #Imwithyou
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
I will be interviewed by @LouDobbs tonight on @FoxBusiness 7pm ET
Hillary defrauded America as Secy of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt, dangerous, dishonest.
If you want to know about Hillary Clinton's honesty &amp; judgment, ask the family of Ambassador Stevens.
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
I am "the king of debt."That has been great for me as a businessman, but is bad for the country. I made a fortune off of debt, will fix U.S.
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as
Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
Hillary says this election is about judgment.  She's right.  Her judgement has killed thousands, unleashed ISIS and wrecked the economy.
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament, according to new book, which is a mess!
When I said that if, within the Orlando club, you had some people with guns, I was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
.@DJohnsonPGA We are so proud of you Dustin. Your reaction under pressure was amazing. First of many Majors. You are a true CHAMPION!
How can the NY Times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? So totally dishonest!
In Las Vegas, getting ready to speak!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando
Amazing crowd last night in Dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. Today, all over the great State of Texas!
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M.  @FoxNews
I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns.
The press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people!
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
AMERICA FIRST!
American must now get very tough, very smart and very vigilant. We cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening.
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban, which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
Congratulations to the 2016 #StanleyCup Champions, Pittsburgh @Penguins!
I am watching @FoxNews and how fairly they are treating me and my words, and @CNN, and the total distortion of my words and what I am saying
I will be going to New Hampshire today, home of my first primary victory, to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 P.M.
I have been hitting Obama and Crooked Hillary hard on not using the term Radical Islamic Terror. Hillary just broke-said she would now use!
What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough
Reporting that Orlando killer shouted "Allah hu Akbar!" as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in LA with rifles near Gay parade.
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart!
Horrific incident in FL. Praying for all the victims &amp; their families. When will this stop? When will we get tough, smart &amp; vigilant?
Clinton made a false ad about me where I was imitating a reporter GROVELING after he changed his story. I would NEVER mock disabled. Shame!
Really bad shooting in Orlando. Police investigating possible terrorism. Many people dead and wounded.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be a Native American in order to advance her career. Very racist!
Sad case- @USATODAY did article saying I don't pay bills- false, only don't pay when work is shoddy, bad, or not done! They should do same!
Don King, and so many other African Americans who know me well and endorsed me, would not have done so if they thought I was a racist!
Mitt Romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. Now he calls me racist-but I am least racist person there is
Heading to D.C. to speak at Faith and Freedom Coalition and visit OPO.
The great boxing promoter, Don King, just endorsed me. Nice!
Pocahontas is at it again! Goofy Elizabeth Warren, one of the least productive U.S. Senators, has a nasty mouth. Hope she is V.P. choice.
Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!
Crooked Hillary Clinton will be a disaster on jobs, the economy, trade, healthcare, the military, guns and just about all else. Obama plus!
As expected, the media is very much against me. Their dishonesty is amazing but, just like our big wins in the primaries, we will win!
Bernie Sanders must really dislike Crooked Hillary after the way she played him. Many of his supporters, because of trade, will come to me.
I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents, she had one!
Nobody is watching @Morning_Joe anymore. Gone off the deep end - bad ratings. You won't believe what I am watching now!
Thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. I could feel the electricity in thr air. Great reviews - most votes ever recieved
I will be speaking about our great journey to the Republican nomination at 9:00 P.M. The movement toward a country that WINS again continues
I will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity - Enjoy!  10:00 P.M.
In just out book, Secret Service Agent Gary Byrne doesn't believe that Crooked Hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
A former Secret Service Agent for President Clinton excoriates Crooked Hillary describing her as ERRATIC &amp; VIOLENT. Bad temperament for pres
I am getting bad marks from certain pundits because I have a small campaign staff. But small is good, flexible, save money and number one!
A massive blow to Obama's message - only 38,000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. That's REALLY bad!
Crooked Hillary is being badly criticized (for a Wall Street paid for ad) by PolitiFact for a false ad on me on women. She is a total fraud!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. Her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
Just like I have been able to spend far less money than  others on the campaign and finish #1, so too should our country. We can be great!
People like @KatyTurNBC report on my campaign, but have zero access. They say what they want without any knowledge.True of so much of media!
Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement, poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. Change!
I am watching @CNN very little lately because they are so biased against me. Shows are predictable garbage! CNN and MSM is one big lie!
The Clinton News Network, sometimes referred to as @CNN, is getting more and more biased.They act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors
We just had the worst jobs report since 2010.
The Mayor of San Jose did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
Many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful Trump supporters in San Jose were illegals. They burned the American flag and laughed at police
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
Great evening in San Jose other than the thugs. My supporters are far tougher if they want to be, but fortunately they are not hostile.
So much interest in my visit to Scotland! I greatly look forward to attending the opening event @TrumpTurnberry- taking place on June 24th.
In Crooked Hillary's telepromter speech yesterday, she made up things that I said or believe but have no basis in fact. Not honest!
I don't watch or do @Morning_Joe anymore. Small audience, low ratings! I hear Mika has gone wild with hate. Joe is Joe. They lost their way!
Rally last night in San Jose was great. Tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. Big crowd. Outside, small group of thugs burned Am flag!
Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38,000 jobs added. Bombshell!
Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After @TrumpScotland, I will visit @TrumpDoonbeg in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.
After @TrumpTurnberry I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, @TrumpScotland.
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated @TrumpTurnberry Resort, the worlds best.
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews &amp; will win case!
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?
Do you ever notice that @CNN gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!
Same failing @nytimes "reporter" who wrote discredited women's story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. Many missing!
So I raised/gave $5,600,000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! They do anything to belittle - totally biased.
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings. Speaking of ratings- I will be on his show tonight @ 10pE.
I am getting great credit for my press conference today. Crooked Hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days.
Katie Couric, the third rate reporter, who has been largely forgotten, should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc.
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
So many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money I raised/gave! It was my great honor - they do an amazing job.
Just finished a press conference in Trump Tower wherein I gave information on which VETERANS groups got the $5,600,000 that I raised/gave!
I have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great VETERANS, and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. Watch!
So many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! News conference at 11:00 A.M. today, Trump Tower!
I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge, Gonzalo Curiel, who is totally biased against me.
I have a judge in the Trump University civil case, Gonzalo Curiel (San Diego), who is very unfair. An Obama pick. Totally biased-hates Trump
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
I would have had millions of votes more in the primaries (than Crooked Hillary) if I only had one opponent, instead of sixteen. Broke record
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The endorsement of me by the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. Nice!
In getting the endorsement of the 16,500 Border Patrol Agents (thank you), the statement was made that the WALL was very necessary!
Obama says a WALL at our southern border won't enhance our security (wrong) and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall (fence) at W.H.
If dummy Bill Kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an Independent, say good bye to the Supreme Court!
The Republican Party has to be smart &amp; strong if it wants to win in November. Can't allow lightweights to set up a spoiler Indie candidate!
Bill Kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser, but if the GOP can't control their own, then they are not a party. Be tough, R's!
Good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b/c I stand 100% behind everything we do.
Heading to D.C. to see and hear ROLLING THUNDER. Amazing people that LOVE OUR COUNTRY. Great spirit!
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost. #MDW
Don't believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. The only quote that matters is a quote from me!
I am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes, but when I won the GOP nomination, I'm in the back of the paper. Very dishonest!
The media is on a new phony kick about my management style. I spend much less money &amp; get much better results! What we need as Prez!
The failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style &amp; that I don't have many people. I have 73, Hillary has 800- &amp; I'm beating her.
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice, but what do we get? NOT ENOUGH
.@SanDiegoPD- Fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. Greatly appreciated!
Thank you @BillyJoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
I am on @oreillyfactor tonight, a big special. @FoxNews  at 8:00 P.M. ENJOY!
Bill O'Reilly doing a major special on @OreillyFactor tonight- @FoxNews at 8pmE. Watch it, should be good! #Trump2016
Poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his Senate seat in Florida. Important to keep the MAJORITY. Run Marco!
My wife @MELANIATRUMP, and my children will be featured on @FoxNews with @Greta- 7pmE. Enjoy!
#MeetTheTrumps #Trump2016
I find it offensive that Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas, pretended to be Native American to get in Harvard.
Thank you Mr. &amp; Mrs. @TomBarrackJr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. It will not be forgotten. #Trump2016
.@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @OutnumberedFNC- thank you!
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the W.H.
Thank you Washington! Honored to say, on behalf of our great movement, we have broken the all time record for votes in GOP primary history.
The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful, but outside, criminals!
Crooked Hillary Clinton just can't close the deal with Bernie. I had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. Hillary doesn't have it
Goofy Senator Elizabeth Warren @elizabethforma has done less in the U.S. Senate than practically any other senator. All talk, no action!
@elizabethforma  Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes known as Pocahontas, bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. Total hypocrite!
@elizabethforma Goofy Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as Pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native American, is a lowlife!
Great rally in New Mexico, amazing crowd! Now in L.A. Big rally in Anaheim.
Great honor to receive today's endorsement of @RickSantorum. Really nice! #Trump2016
After raising, w/ no obligation, almost $6M for Vets, I couldn't believe protesters formed @ Trump Tower. JUST OUT- SENT BY CROOKED HILLARY!
Crooked Hillary Clinton overregulates, overtaxes and doesn't care about jobs. Most importantly, she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
I just released my financial disclosure forms, the largest numbers in the history of the F.E.C. Even the dishonest media thinks great!
Amazingly, with all of the money I have raised for the vets, I have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media.
Much of the money I have raised for our veterans has already been distributed, with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups.
While under no obligation to do so, I have raised between 5 &amp; 6 million dollars, including 1million dollars from me, for our VETERANS. Nice!
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Obama’s VA Secretary just said we shouldn't measure
wait times. Hillary says VA problems are not ‘widespread.’ I will take care of
our vets!
In trade, military and EVERYTHING else, it will be AMERICA FIRST! This will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
Bernie Sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that Crooked Hillary Clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal!
Crooked Hillary wants a radical 500% increase in Syrian refugees. We can’t allow this. Time to get smart and protect America!
How can Crooked Hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical Islam, which horribly oppresses women?
Why do the networks continue to put dopey @BillKristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary said that I  want guns brought into the school classroom. Wrong!
Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria, Iraq and Libya. She is reckless and dangerous!
.@CNN is so negative, getting even worse as I get closer. Just had two anti-Trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. Turning off!
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day, the TSA is falling apart, just like our government! Airports a total disaster!
Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Thank you @TheTodaysGolfer for the wonderful statement that "the new par 3 9th hole @Trump Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain."
@montgomeriefdn  Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!
Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today @TGowdySC. It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! #Trump2016
Failing @NYTimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!
Thanks @piersmorgan! 
"Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining&amp;massively popular candidate this country has ever seen."
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!
Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!
Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!
I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!
How quality a woman is Rowanne Brewer Lane to have exposed the @nytimes as a disgusting fraud?  Thank you Rowanne.
Looks like yet another terrorist attack. Airplane departed from Paris. When will we get tough, smart and vigilant? Great hate and sickness!
My list of potential U.S. Supreme Court Justices was very well recieved. During the next number of weeks I may be adding to the list!
Some low-life journalist claims that I "made a pass" at her 29 years ago. Never happened! Like the @nytimes story which has become a joke!
Why did Clinton supporter @AlisonForKY declare Crooked Hillary winner in KY when AP hasn't even called the race?
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Paul Begala, the dopey @CNN flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.
Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.
Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign
I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!
I can't believe that @CNN would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!
Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how "THE MOVEMENT" does in Oregon tonight!
Will go back on for a final question now!
I like Michael Douglas!
I will be live tweeting @megynkelly Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!
Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?
Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!
I look forward to watching @megynkelly tonight, 8 PM ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats me—I think she will be very fair.
How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?
Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.?
Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history
Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China
The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China, NOT WOMEN!
Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?
What Barbara Res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly, and for years, trying to come back. I said no.
I gave a woman named Barbara Res a top N.Y. construction job, when that was unheard of, and now she is nasty. So much for a nice thank you!
The writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes, Michael Barbaro, who was interviewed on CBS this morning, was unable to respond.
Over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. That’s because there were so many positive statements.
No wonder the @nytimes is failing—who can believe what they write after the false, malicious &amp; libelous story they did on me.
The failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women.
With the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me, we have exposed the article as a fraud!
A political commentator for @cnn, which I no longer watch, said "Trump showed some weakness in the Repub Primaries." I set all-time record!
Wow, Rowanne Brewer, the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday, was on @foxandfriends saying Times lied
The @nytimes is so dishonest. Their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by Rowanne Brewer, who said it was a lie!
That was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - I hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie, run.
The @washingtonpost report on potential VP candidates is wrong. Marco Rubio and most others mentioned are NOT under consideration.
The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting, and plenty of it - but we will prevail!
Why did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that I was so proud to have helped with their careers. DISHONEST!
Wow, I have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece. Massive front page for that!
Why doesn't the failing @nytimes write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
Everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.I gave them many names of women I helped-refused to use
The failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. All are impressed with how nicely I have treated women, they found nothing. A joke!
Thank you for the nice words this morning @KellyRiddell. Well delivered and totally logical! @CNN   @FoxNews
Wow, @CNN is really working hard to make me look as bad  as possible. Very unprofessional. Hurting in ratings - bad television!
If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie, how is she going to take on China, Russia, ISIS and all of the others?
.@thehill  Your story about me &amp; the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect—it is just the opposite. I will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
Senator Lindsey Graham called me yesterday, very much to my surprise, and we had a very interesting talk about national security, and more!
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, we’d have no jobs in America—she doesn’t have a clue.
In interview I told @AP that my taxes are under routine audit and I would release my tax returns when audit is complete, not after election!
Isn’t it funny when a failed Senator like goofy Elizabeth Warren can spend a whole day tweeting about Trump &amp; gets nothing done in Senate?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage. See media—asking for increase!
Our Native American Senator, goofy Elizabeth Warren, couldn’t care less about the American worker…does nothing to help!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked Hillary. See her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
If the people of Massachusetts found out what an ineffective Senator goofy Elizabeth Warren has been, she would lose!
Goofy Elizabeth Warren didn’t have the guts to run for POTUS. Her phony Native American heritage stops that and VP cold.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren has been one of the least effective Senators in the entire U.S. Senate. She has done nothing!
I don't want to hit Crazy Bernie Sanders too hard yet because I love watching what he is doing to Crooked Hillary. His time will come!
Big wins in West Virginia and Nebraska. Get ready for November - Crooked Hillary, who is looking very bad against Crazy Bernie, will lose!
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me &amp; I can’t tell the truth about her husband? Don’t feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
It was so great being in Nebraska last week. Today is the big day--get out and vote!
I look very much forward to meeting w/Paul Ryan &amp; the GOP Party Leadership on Thurs in DC. Together, we will beat the Dems at all levels!
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
It was Rosie O'Donnell who ate the cake in the vicious Hillary commercial about me, not Crooked Hillary! @marthamaccallum
Why does the media, with a strong push from Crooked Hillary, keep pushing the false narrative that I want to raise taxes. Exactly opposite!
. #RepMikeKelly  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. Thank you for the nice words!
Get out and vote Nebraska, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Get out and vote West Virginia, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
I will have set the all time record in primary votes in the Republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people!
If I only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like Hillary Clinton, I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one!
Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBizAlert  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
Wow, I hear @Morning_Joe has gone really hostile ever since I said I won't do or watch the show anymore.They misrepresent my positions!
I will be interviewed on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
.@drmoore  Russell Moore is truly a terrible representative of Evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. A nasty guy with no heart!
I will be interviewed on @NewDay @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
On @seanhannity show @FoxNews now. ENJOY!
Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS, and China on trade, and Mexico at the border. Bad!
.@KellyannePolls  Kellyanne, you were fantastic on @meetthepress today. Keep going - I will win for the people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @meetthepress this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on This Week with George S this morning. Enjoy!
.@EdGoeas thank you for your support tonight on @JudgeJeanine.
Remember when the two failed presidential candidates, Lindsey Graham and Jeb Bush, signed a binding PLEDGE? They broke the deal, no honor!
I am honored that the great men and women of the @Teamsters have created a movement from within called Teamsters for Trump! Thank you.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! @Teamsters
Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton’s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
I hear @JoeNBC of rapidly fading @Morning_Joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick!
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!
Thank you West Virginia. Let's keep it going. Go out and vote on Tuesday - we will win big. #Trump2016
Can you believe Crooked Hillary said, "We are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&amp;coal companies out of business." She then apologized.
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, &amp; run as an Independent.
I will be interviewed by @BretBaier @SpecialReport at 6pm ET tonight @FoxNews
Many reports that I will be attending the Alvarez/Khan fight this weekend in Vegas. Totally untrue! Unfortunately I have other plans.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @TODAYshow and Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M.
I will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 6:15 A.M. Enjoy!
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
What a great evening we had. So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
.@oreillyfactor  Please correct, I WON Virginia!
Thank you Indiana, we were just projected to be the winner. We have won in every category. You are very special people-I will never forget!
Lyin' Ted Cruz consistently said that he will, and must, win Indiana. If he doesn't he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time &amp; money
Wow, Lyin' Ted Cruz really went wacko today. Made all sorts of crazy charges. Can't function under pressure - not very presidential. Sad!
Will be in South Bend, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary
I will be campaigning in Indiana all day. Things are looking great, and the support of Bobby Knight has been so amazing. Today will be fun!
Everybody is talking about the protesters burning the American flags and proudly waving Mexican flags. I want America First - so do voters!
Gov Mike Pence has just stated that Donald Trump has taken a strong stance on Hoosier jobs, and he thanks me! I will bring back jobs to USA.
Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to "dealing with men who get off the reservation." Actually, she has done poorly with such men!
I will be interviewed on @CNN  @NewDay  at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
.@KarlRove is a failed Jeb Bushy. Never says anything good &amp; never will, even after I beat Hillary. Shouldn't be on the air!
Will be in Terre Haute, Indiana in a short while -- big rally! See you soon!
I watched Sen. Graham @FaceTheNation. Why don't they say that I ran him out of the race like a little boy, and in the end he had no support?
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
Thank you @MikeOzanian for the nice comments on @FoxNews today. Great job!
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The "protesters" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
.@AC360  Anderson, so amazing. Your mother is, and always has been, an incredible woman!
We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
Crooked Hillary Clinton, perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all time great enablers!
Wow, the ridiculous deal made between Lyin'Ted Cruz and 1 for 42 John Kasich has just blown up. What a dumb deal - dead on arrival!
So many false and phony T.V. commercials being broadcast in Indiana. Reminds me of Florida where thousands were put up-I won in a landslide!
I will be in Evansville, Indiana, with the great Bobby Knight (who last night endorsed me) at 12:00 this afternoon. See you there!
Lyin' Ted Cruz, who can never beat Hillary Clinton and has NO path to victory, has chosen a V.P.candidate who failed badly in her own effort
I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:00 A.M. this morning. Enjoy!
Thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. I will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
Getting the strong endorsement of the great coach, Bobby Knight, has been a highlight of my stay in Indiana. Big speech tomorrow with Bobby!
I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean, not bad!
How bad is the New York Times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly. Always trying to belittle. Paper has lost its way!
Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates &amp; otherwise. He should show them, and run as an Independent!
The Cruz-Kasich pact is under great strain. This joke of a deal is falling apart, not being honored and almost dead. Very dumb!
On the way to the great state of Rhode Island- big rally. Then to Pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
Kasich just announced that he wants the people of Indiana to vote for him. Typical politician - can't make a deal work.
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
Lyin' Ted and Kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. Their donors &amp; special interest groups are not happy with them. Sad!
Wow, just announced that Lyin' Ted and Kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the Republican nomination. DESPERATION!
I am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. It is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. Becoming irrelevant!
I will be in Maryland this afternoon for a major rally. Things are looking good for Tuesday!
.@AndreBauer  Great job and advice on @CNN  @jaketapper  Thank you!
.@Borisep was great on @JudgeJeanine tonight. Very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads, he will drop like a rock in the polls against Crooked Hillary Clinton. I will win!
I had a great day campaigning in Connecticut. Looking for a big vote on Tuesday!
Congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @AP today. Amazing job!
Will be spending the day campaigning in Connecticut, another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. I will stop this fast!
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
I will be doing the @TODAYshow with my wife, Melania, and the rest of my family in a major Town Hall. Hopefully, it will be fun! Enjoy.7A.M.
We are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to Indiana!
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler, never a nice thing to do. I will beat Hillary!
Thank you New York, I will never forget!
.@CNN is so negative it is impossible to watch. Terrible panel, angry haters. Bill O  @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me!
A big day for New York and for our COUNTRY! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz even voted against Superstorm Sandy aid and September 11th help. So many New Yorkers devastated. Cruz hates New York!
Kasich only looks O.K. in polls against Hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed ZERO negative ads against him
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-I am millions of VOTES ahead! Hillary would destroy him &amp; K
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Lyin' Ted Cruz can't get votes (I am millions ahead of him) so he has to get his delegates from the Republican bosses. It won't work!
Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system, I am hundreds of delegates ahead of him.
I'll be in one of my favorite places this morning, Staten Island. Big crowd, will be fun!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 A.M. I will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled Republican primaries!
Big protest march in Colorado on Friday afternoon! Don't let the bosses take your vote!
The rules DID CHANGE in Colorado shortly after I entered the race in June because the pols and their bosses knew I would win with the voters
Biggest story in politics is now happening in the great State of Colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
Great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. Will be rebroadcast at 12:00 A.M.  (EASTERN).
Leaving for Albany, New York now, massive crowd expected. Very exciting!
Why does the liberal media think Bill O'Reilly  (@oreillyfactor) is a complete and total vulgarian? I don't think so!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
The @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. I want other nations to pay the U.S. for our defense of them. We are the suckers-no more!
Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability, I can go along with that!
Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else, me, still must fight
“Donald Trump—The Disrupter” will air on @FoxNews Saturday night and Sunday night at 8 PM ET. Anchored by @BretBaier. @johnrobertsFox
So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember, I am still running a major business while I campaign) and loving it!
Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17,000 amazing New Yorkers in Bethpage, Long Island--- great to be home!
I was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. Pure fiction!
It is so great to be back home! Looking forward to a great rally tonight in Bethpage, Long Island!
Wisconsin, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Will be interviewed on @SeanHannity on @FoxNews from #Wisconsin tonight. My wife, Melania, will join me for the entire show.
This Tweet from @realDonaldTrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder.
A great day in Wisconsin, many stops, many great people! Melania is joining me on Monday. Big crowds. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am on @FoxNews with @greta doing a town hall, from Wisconsin- now! Enjoy!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Congratulations to @gohermie for winning the @ShellHouOpen. We are all proud of you @TNGCBedminster &amp; all @TrumpGolf clubs! Great going!
I will be on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace this morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by @jdickerson on @FaceTheNation tomorrow morning. Enjoy! #Trump2016
.@FoxNews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
.@HeyTammyBruce- Thank you for your nice words on Fox today. They never use my full statements on nuclear, which you would agree with!
Great honor to have @GOP General Counsel, #JohnRyder as a Trump delegate in TN. RNC meeting well worth it! Unifying the party!
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade, but if I win, all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs, trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
If @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show, her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with @AC360 beat her by millions!
Is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
Can you believe that Ted Cruz, who has been killing our country on trade for so long, just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
For the 1st time in American history, America’s 16,500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! Thank you.
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical &amp; economic threat facing the American people!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The Club For Growth,which asked me for $1,000,000 in an extortion attempt, just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
Just had a very nice meeting with @Reince Priebus and the @GOP. Looking forward to bringing the Party 
together --- and it will happen!
.@DavidGregory got thrown off of TV by NBC, fired like a dog! Now he is on @CNN being nasty to me. Not nice!
Final #'s just announced in the GREAT State of MO. TRUMP WINS! New certified #'s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates!
Why aren't people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened, that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
Wow, Corey Lewandowski, my campaign manager and a very decent man, was just charged with assaulting a reporter. Look at tapes-nothing there!
How come the @TODAYshow &amp; @chucktodd show the new @NBCNews Poll for Hillary vs Bernie but do not show the SAME poll where I am killing Cruz?
I have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than Cruz or Kasich, and yet am not being treated properly by the Republican Party or the RNC.
Wow, @CNN has nothing but my opponents on their shows. Really one-sided and unfair reporting. Maybe I shouldn't do their town-hall tonight!
We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games, we must be smart, tough and vigilant. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN &amp; MAKE AMERICA STRONG AGAIN!
Lyin' Ted, I have already beaten you in all debates, and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. You should focus on jobs &amp; illegal imm!
Lyin'Ted Cruz is weak &amp; losing big, so now he wants to debate again. But, according to Drudge,Time and on-line polls, I have won all debates
After the way I beat Gov. Scott Walker (and Jeb, Rand, Marco and all others) in the Presidential Primaries, no way he would ever endorse me!
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
Ted Cruz is incensed that I want to refocus NATO on terrorism, as well as current mission, but also want others to PAY FAIR SHARE, a must!
A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called "leaders" ever learn!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. Things are looking good, had a great Easter-look forward to spending the week in Wisconsin!
The United States cannot continue to make such bad, one-sided trade deals. There are only so many jobs we can give up. No more!
Just to show you how unfair Republican primary politics can be, I won the State of Louisiana and get less delegates than Cruz-Lawsuit coming
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!
Another radical Islamic attack, this time in Pakistan, targeting Christian women &amp; children. At least 67 dead,400 injured. I alone can solve
Happy Easter to all, have a great day!
My statement on NATO being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive (and unfair) for the U.S. are now, finally, receiving plaudits!
Wow, sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. He is do totally biased. The things I am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others
I am interviewed on This Week on @ABC this morning. Enjoy!
Remember, I am the only candidate who is self-funding. While I am given little credit for this by the voters, I am not bought like others!
Don't believe the @FoxNews Polls, they are just another phony hit job on me. I will beat Hillary Clinton easily in the General Election.
Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S., jobs are leaving. I will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
Lyin' Ted Cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with The National Enq.were caused by me. I had NOTHING to do with story!
The press is going out of their way to convince people that I do not like or respect women, when they know that it is just the opposite!
The media is so after me on women  Wow, this is a tough business. Nobody has more respect for women than Donald Trump!
Top suspect in Paris massacre, Salah Abdeslam, who also knew of the Brussels attack, is no longer talking. Weak leaders, ridiculous laws!
Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?
I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!
Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!
Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!
Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S.  I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!
Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time
.@TheView T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM "NO"
Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!
It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!
Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical article. I was so right!
These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!
.@LindseyGrahamSC and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!
It is amazing how @LindseyGrahamSC gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!
We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!
N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I want to thank @RealSheriffJoe for all of his help in our historic Arizona win. Could not have done it without you Joe!
While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates, it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
I think having Jeb's endorsement hurts Lyin' Ted. Jeb spent more than $150,000,000 and got nothing. I spent a fraction of that and am first!
I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I’m the only one that was right from the beginning, &amp; now Lyin’ Ted &amp; others are copying me.
Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are!
Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates, Lyin’ Ted Cruz. Honestly, I can’t blame Jeb in that I drove him into oblivion!
Lyin’ Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me, and lines from Michael Douglas— just another dishonest politician.
Lyin' Ted Cruz denied that he had anything to do with the G.Q. model photo post of Melania. That's why we call him Lyin' Ted!
Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November, paving the way for many great Supreme Court Justices!
Much bigger win than anticipated in Arizona. Thank you, I will never forget!
Incompetent Hillary, despite the horrible attack in Brussels today, wants borders to be weak and open-and let the Muslims flow in.  No way!
Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a G.Q. shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!
Pres. Obama should leave the baseball game in Cuba immediately &amp; get home to Washington- where a #POTUS, under a serious emergency belongs!
Obama, and all others, have been so weak, and so politically correct, that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! Shame.
My heart &amp; prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped, and I will stop it.
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and it’s not even close. Hopefully AZ and UT will be voting for me today!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba, especially in the shadows of Brussels. He is being treated badly!
Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore, it is from a different world! U.S. must be vigilant and smart!
Wow, President Obama just landed in Cuba, a big deal, and Raul Castro wasn't even there to greet him. He greeted Pope and others. No respect
Big Republican Dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach. I will be there!
So the highly overrated anchor, @megynkelly, is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show, but I can't fight back? Wrong!
The protesters blocked a major highway yesterday, delaying entry to my RALLY in Arizona by hours, and the media blames my supporters!
Why is it that the horrendous protesters, who scream, curse punch, shut down roads/doors during my RALLIES,  are never blamed by media? SAD!
Will be interviewed on @ThisWeekABC this morning. Enjoy!
The rallies in Utah and Arizona were great! Tremendous crowds and spirit. Just returned but will be going back soon.
.@AndreaTantaros- You are a true journalistic professional. I so agree with what you say. Keep up the great work! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@jessebwatters- Watching your show from Arizona where we just had a big rally. It is fantastic- everybody loves it!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@DiamondandSilk- Just watched you on #WattersWorld with a large group of people. Everybody loves you- two amazing people! #Trump2016
Wow, @CNN ratings are up 75% because it's "all Trump, all the time." The networks are making a fortune off of me! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If crazy @megynkelly didn't cover me so much on her terrible show, her ratings would totally tank. She is so average in so many ways!
Crazy @megynkelly says I don't (won't) go on her show and she still gets good ratings. But almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
Landing in Phoenix now. Tomorrow's events will be amazing! #Trump2016
Reading @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times is a total waste of time, he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy!
While I have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the NY Times, I consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world!
Heading to Phoneix. Will be arriving soon. Tomorrow a big day. Tremendous crowds expected! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watching @loudobbsnews- fantastic show! Has very interesting take on Paul Ryan.
Just leaving Salt Lake City, Utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. 
Love Utah- will be back!
Why haven't they released the final Missouri victory for us yet? Could it be because Cruz's guy runs Missouri?
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
Everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, &amp; the most overrated person on tv.
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney was campaigning with John Kasich &amp; Marco Rubio, and now he is endorsing Ted Cruz. 1/2
Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney, the man who "choked" and let us all down, is now endorsing Lyin' Ted Cruz. This is good for me!
Going to Salt Lake City, Utah, for a big rally. Lyin' Ted Cruz should not be allowed to win there - Mormons don't like LIARS! I beat Hillary
Club For Growth tried to extort $1,000,000 from me. When I said NO, they went hostile with negative ads. Disgraceful!
With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment, my numbers continue to go up. Can anyone explain this?
.@EWErickson got fired like a dog from RedState
and now he is the one leading opposition against me.
Senator @LindseyGrahamSC made horrible statements about @SenTedCruz – and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
Lyin' Ted Cruz lost all five races on Tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a Lindsey Graham endorsement. Also backed Jeb. Lindsey got 0!
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Highly overrated &amp; crazy @megynkelly is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
Looking like my 5 victories on Tuesday will be just as good as if I won Ohio. Two more days and Ohio was mine!
Please explain to the dummies at the @WSJ  Editorial Board that I love to debate and have won, according to Drudge etc., all 11 of them!
.@WSJ is bad at math. The good news is, nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore, especially me!
.@WSJ Editorial says "Clinton primary vote total is 8,646,551.Trump's is 7,533,692"-a knock. But she had only 3 opponents-I had 16.Apologize
The reason lyin' Ted Cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don't tolerate liars-a big problem!
Crazy @megynkelly is now complaining that  @oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.Tough!
Great news that @FoxNews has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating
Crazy @megynkelly supposedly had lyin' Ted Cruz on her show last night. Ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. Ted can't win!
Stuart Stevens, the failed campaign manager of Mitt Romney's historic loss, is now telling the Republican Party what to do with Trump. Sad!
I will be interviewed on The O'Reilly Factor this evening at 8 pm on the Fox News Channel. @oreillyfactor
Wow, just won Missouri!
I am making a big speech the night of the @FoxNews debate, but I wish everyone well. Yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
Thank you to the Governor of Florida, Rick Scott, for your endorsement. I greatly appreciate your support!
In the last 2 weeks, I had $35M of negative ads against me in Florida &amp; I won in a massive landslide.The establishment should save their $$!
Yesterday was amazing—5 victories.  Lyin’ Ted Cruz
had zero. Things are going very well!
.@RepTomMarino  Great job on television this morning. Glad to have you on my side!
.@pastormarkburns You were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! Thank you!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:40. ENJOY!
Will be interviewed on @NewDay on @CNN at 7:15 A.M.
Will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. Big wins last night!
I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at 
Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!
Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable.
Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big &amp; over!
Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!
A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.
I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again.
In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!
Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!
Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down.
North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!
Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you! #SuperTuesday #VoteTrump
Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).
Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL
Rubio is weak on illegal immigration, with the worst voting record in the U.S. Senate in many years. He will never MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kasich voted for NAFTA, a disaster for Ohio, and now wants the even worse TPP approved. Vote Trump and end this madness!
Kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in Ohio. I will bring them back! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Gov Kasich voted for NAFTA, which devastated Ohio and is now pushing TPP hard- bad for American workers!
Leaving the great people of North Carolina. Amazing event. Heading to Tampa now! #VoteTrump
Look forward to being in Tampa this afternoon. Wonderful crowds. Thank you, Florida!
The failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
Because Gov. Kasich cannot run in the state of Pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- &amp; should not be allowed to compete in Ohio on Tue.
Gov.Kasich of Ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn't watch politics or anything on television, he only watches the @GolfChannel
Ohio Gov.Kasich voted for NAFTA, from which Ohio has never recovered. Now he wants TPP, which will be even worse. Ohio steel and coal dying!
Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours!
Wow, Kasich didn't qualify to run in the state of Pennsylvania, not enough signatures. Big problem!
Do the people of Ohio know that John Kasich is STRONGLY in favor of Common Core! In other words, education of your children from D.C. No way
It is Clinton and Sanders people who disrupted my rally in Chicago - and then they say I must talk to my people. Phony politicians!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
We are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in Florida- on behalf of little Marco Rubio. 
No way to run a country!
Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, &amp; their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote.
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
On my way to Dayton, Ohio. Will be there soon!
The rally in Cincinnati is ON. Media put out false reports that it was cancelled. Will be great - love you Ohio!
Ohio had the biggest budget increase in the U.S. If it were not for striking oil, they would be bust! Governor Kasich in favor of TPP fraud!
Absentee Governor Kasich voted for NAFTA and NAFTA devastated Ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. Kasich is good for Mexico!
The organized group of people, many of them thugs, who shut down our First Amendment rights in Chicago, have totally energized America!
I just got off the phone with the great people of Guam! Thank you for your support! #VoteTrump today! #Trump2016
Rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. Losing too much money. Great news! Likewise, dopey Mort Zuckerman's @NYDailyNews
Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. 

"I believe in God who can change people- he can make any of us better."
@RealBenCarson
Wow, you are all correct about @FoxNews - totally biased and disgusting reporting.
Phony Club For Growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars, &amp; is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. They are total losers!
Thank you Hawaii! #Trump2016
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016
Thank you Mississippi! #Trump2016
Word is I am doing very well in Michigan and Mississippi! Wow, and with all that money spent against me! Will be going to Trump Jupiter now!
I hear @NBCNews / @WSJ came out with another one of their phony polls. While I am leading, they are totally discredited after last S.C. poll
The negative television commercials about me, paid for by the politicians bosses, are a total #Mediafraud. When you watch, remember!
Mitt Romney had his chance and blew it. Lindsey Graham ran for president, got ZERO, and quit! Why are they now spokesmen against me? Sad!
Remember, I am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. All of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
Sun Sentinel says: Rubio lacks the experience, work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. HE HAS NOT EARNED YOUR VOTE!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I’ll be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000! 
Thank you!
I will be interviewed by @SeanHannity tonight at 10pm EST on @FoxNews! Enjoy!
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of  $'s in false ads!
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous  failures have ZERO credibility!
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook &amp; Twitter. Watch!
All of the phony T.V. commercials against me are bought and payed for by SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS, the bandits that tell your pols what to do
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd did a 1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false. Dishonest media!
I am at Trump National Doral-best resort in U.S. Rory and Adam Scott are doing great! Watch on NBC at 3:00 P.M.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to @jdickerson and @FaceTheNation for a very fair and professional interview this morning. No wonder you are #1 in the ratings!
The primary plaintiff in the phony Trump University suit wants to abandon the case. Disgraceful!
Nancy Reagan, the wife of a truly great President, was an amazing woman. She will be missed!
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn’t have a clue.
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning. Enjoy!  @jdickerson
.@FoxNews is devastated that lightweight Senator Marco Rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. I won the two big states, great!
Thank you Kentucky! #Trump2016
#SuperSaturday
Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016
#SuperSaturday
I will be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami tomorrow! Rory, Phil, Bubba, Adam, and Dustin all at the top!
I would love to be at the Cadillac World Golf Championship @TrumpDoral in Miami- but even more so in Orlando with the #TrumpTrain!
I am watching two clown announcers on @FoxNews as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #LittleMarco. Fox News is in the bag!
Romney's failed advisors, like campaign mgr Stuart Stevens are all over TV telling people how to win. But they lost- don't know how to win!
.@MittRomney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! Romney is a total joke, and everyone knows it!
Thank you, Kansas! The line going into the Orlando event is over a mile long. Massive crowd expected. Leaving Kansas now, be there soon!
Getting ready to make my speech at #KansasCaucus. A great honor! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
Thank you Kansas! Thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn't get into the hall. Really amazing! #CaucusForTrump
To the people of Kentucky, 
Rand Paul didn't want you. Now he runs back due to his presidential failure. 
#VoteTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why would anyone in Kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate Rand Paul re: caucus. Made a fool of himself (1%.)
KY his 2nd choice!
Will be in Orlando, Florida, this afternoon. 25,000 people expected. This is a movement like our GREAT COUNTRY has never seen before!
Wow, big lines in Kansas.
For all of today's voters please remember that I am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign, I am not bought and paid for!
Great time last night in Louisiana. Big and energetic crowd. Go out and vote now, polls open. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in Kansas. Will be an exciting day. Big speech this morning in Wichita, and then go to caucus. Sorry CPAC (the format was fine!).
Rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true, not my pilot! Guy owned helicopter company- don't think I ever even used.
On my way to see the great people of Maine. Will be landing in Portland in 2 hours. Look forward to it! #Trump2016
Will miss @RealBenCarson tonight at the #GOPDebate. I hope all of Ben's followers will join the #TrumpTrain. We will never forget.
Go to Trump Doral in Miami and watch the World Golf Championship! On NOW!
The phony lawsuit against Trump U could have been easily settled by me but I want  to go to court. 98% approval rating by students. Easy win
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney, who doesn't know how to win. Hillary wants no part of "Trump"
Why would the great people of Florida vote for a guy who, as a Senator, never even shows up to vote - worst record. Marco Rubio is a joke!
I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party, while the Dems are going down. Establishment wants to kill this movement!
Failed candidate Mitt Romney,who ran one of the worst races in presidential history,is working with the establishment to bury a big "R" win!
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio &amp; Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)
.@CNN poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale &amp; his no show voting!
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
Thank you Vermont! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday
Thank you Arkansas! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday
Thank you Virginia! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday
Thank you Alabama! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday
Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016
#SuperTuesday
Thank you Massachusetts! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday
Thank you Georgia!
#SuperTuesday #Trump2016
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The people of South Carolina are embarrassed by Nikki Haley!
Got the endorsement of Brian France and @NASCAR yesterday in Georgia. Also, many of the sports great drivers. Thank you Nascar and Georgia!
Great news- Former Mayor of Dallas, Tom Leppert, has just endorsed me! Thank you! Tomorrow is a big day- VOTE! #VoteTrump #SuperTuesday
Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!
My sons, Don and Eric, are on @foxandfriends now 7:35. Great kids, enjoy!
I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now! #Trump2016
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!
Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!
Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!
Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!
Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!
I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.
While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY
The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to "hit" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful
While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida
Just watched lightweight Marco Rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. He is not as smart as Cruz, and may be an even bigger liar
.#RogerStone was just banned by @CNN - their loss! Tough, loyal guy.
I started my business with very little and built it into a great company, with some of the best real estate assets in the World. Amazing!
I only wish my wonderful father, Fred, gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight Rubio says. He didn't - total fabrication!
Fun to watch the Democrats working so hard to win the great State of South Carolina when I just won the Republican version - amazing people!
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz!
Tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. After the audit, no problem!
I unfairly get audited by the I.R.S. almost every single year. I have rich friends who never get audited. I wonder why?
I will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Will be talking about lightweight Marco Rubio and lying Ted Cruz!
They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high &amp; dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!
Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.
Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!
Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!
Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!
Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!
I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!
Failed presidential candidate @MittRomney was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid &amp; didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.
FMR PRES of Mexico, Vicente Fox horribly used the F word when discussing the wall. He must apologize! If I did that there would be a uproar!
Early on Ted Cruz said that if he didn't win South Carolina, it's over. He didn't win- and lost to me in a landslide!
I'm going to do what @MittRomney was totally unable to do- WIN!
Just for your info, tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone’s net worth. I have already filed my financial statements w/ FEC. They are great!
Why doesn’t @MittRomney just endorse @marcorubio already.
Should have done it before NH or Nevada where he had a little sway. Too late
now!
Mitt Romney, who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of Republican politics, is now pushing me on tax returns. Dope!
.@RepChrisCollins  Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down! @CNN
When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!
Why would Texans vote for "liar" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently
When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy
The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more.  Sad but true
In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @KarlRove. He should be fired!
.@USATODAY Poll and @QuinnipiacPoll say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!
Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio. @KarlRove on @FoxNews is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!
@MELANIATRUMP did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!
Melania will be interviewed by @morningmika on @Morning_Joe now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL.
GO VOTE FROM NOW TO 8:30 P.M. NEVADA. I WILL BE AT VARIOUS CAUCUS SITES. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My wife Melania will be on @Morning_Joe  tomorrow morning at 8:00. Interviewed by @morningmika - Enjoy!
Club for Growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars. I told them no and now they are doing negative ads.
Great. Just reported on @FoxNews that many people who supported @JebBush are now supporting me. I knew that would happen, pundits didn't!
Wow, great Ohio poll. Shows me leading by 5 points, beating K!
Unlike the other Republican candidates, I will be in Nevada all day and night - I won't be fleeing, in and out. I love &amp; invest in Nevada!
I am growing the Republican Party tremendously - just look at the numbers, way up! Democrats numbers are significantly down from years past.
Ted Cruz lifts the Bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! The Evangelicals in S.C. figured him out &amp; said no!
Ted Cruz does not have the right "temperment" to be President. Look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. BAD!
Wow was Ted Cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. He used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! Ted panicked.
Ted Cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in S.C. He is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration.
Ted Cruz said on @oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!
A big fat hit job on @oreillyfactor tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased. @brithume said I would never run, a dope!
Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by @seanhannity on @FoxNews
Thank you Michigan! #VoteTrumpMI
Trump 35%
Kasich 17%
Cruz 12%
Rubio 12%
Carson 9% 
Via: ARG
Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! 
#VoteTrumpNC on 3/15!
Trump 36%
Cruz 18%
Rubio 18%
Carson 10%
Kasich 7%
Via @SurveyUSA
Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!
Thank you Illinois! Great news! #VoteTrumpIL on 3/15!
Trump 28%
Cruz 15%
Rubio 14%
Kasich 13%
Bush 8%
Carson 6%
Simon Poll/SIU
Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.
Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?
Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!
Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!
Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!
It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.
Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!
The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!
I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!
A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!
The failing @WSJ Wall Street Journal should fire both its pollster and its Editorial Board. Seldom has a paper been so wrong.Totally biased!
I will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. Enjoy!
Thank you @SarahPalinUSA for your amazing help and support. Big win, leaving now for Atlanta and Nevada.The people of South Carolina got it!
What a great night. Thank you South Carolina, a special place with truly amazing people! LOVE
People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. Vote now (today), and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember that Marco Rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. South Carolina needs strength as illegals and Syrians pour in. Don't allow it
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
I am the only candidate (in many years) who is self-funding his campaign. Lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
Lying #Ted Cruz just (on election day) came out with a sneak and sleazy Robocall. He holds up the Bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just finished two major speeches in South Carolina. Big crowds, great people. Going for a third now!
Boycott all Apple products  until such time as Apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical Islamic terrorist couple from Cal
Hopefully others will follow suit. Our country needs &amp; should demand security. It is time to get tough &amp; be smart!
I use both iPhone &amp; Samsung. If Apple doesn't give info to authorities on the terrorists I'll only be using Samsung until they give info.
Remember, Cruz and Bush gave us Roberts who upheld #ObamaCare twice! I am the only one who will #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
I’m self-funding and I am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates.
I will replace it with private plans, health savings accounts, &amp; allow purchasing across state lines. Maximum choice &amp; freedom for consumer.
I was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. I will eliminate the law, in its entirety, &amp; replace it w/ something much better.
I was asked about healthcare by Anderson Cooper &amp; have been consistent- I will repeal all of #ObamaCare, including the mandate, period.
Tonight I will be on @FoxNews with @SeanHannity at 10pm and @CNN w/ @AndersonCooper at 10:10pm. Enjoy! #VoteTrumpSC #Trump2016
I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
.@FoxNews is changing their  theme from "fair and balanced" to "unfair and unbalanced." But dying @WSJ is worse.Their phony poll is a  joke!
New CBS National Poll just out - massive lead for Trump. The Wall Street Journal/NBC Poll is a total joke. No wonder WSJ is doing so badly!
I love being in South Carolina. We are leading big in all of the State polls - Saturday is a BIG day. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The just out USA Today National Poll, where I lead by big numbers, shows that in a head to head matchup, I beat both Hillary and Bernie.
Amazing that while I lead by big numbers in the new Q and and USA Today polls, the the press only wants to report on the phony WSJ/NBC poll.
Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool, but it's far too late. 1% in Nevada!
Just out Nevada poll shows Jeb Bush at 1%, he should take his dumb mouthpiece, @LindseyGrahamSC, and just go home.
.@FoxNews is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
I will beat Hillary easily, but Lindsey Graham says I won't, and yet he got zero against me- no cred! Why does FOX put him on?
.@lindseygraham, who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @FoxNews.
Interesting how President Obama so haltingly said I "would never be president" - This from perhaps the worst president in U.S. history!
Why does @megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me, almost always negative?  Without me her ratings would tank. Get a life Megyn!
Thank you  @kayleighmcenany for your nice words - great knowledge and style! We are doing really well in South Carolina. @CNN @donlemon
.@brithume thinks that when Republicans drop out of the race, someone will pick up ALL of that vote. The fact is I will get much of it!
Explain to @brithume and @megynkelly, who know nothing, that I will beat Hillary and win states (and dem-indie votes) that no other R can!
Will be interviewed by @StephenAtHome tonight by phone- a late show first @CBS @colbertlateshow. Enjoy! 
#Colbert #LSSC
Just sat down for a great interview with @PHussionWYFF in Greenville today. Watch at 5pm. An amazing day in South Carolina! #VoteTrumpSC
New PPP Poll just out - Trump up big, Cruz, Rubio and Bush down. The debate results, even with a stacked RNC audience, were wonderful!
Spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in South Carolina. Great people and spirit. Today will be more of the same.
I'd like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue &amp; never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me! (1/2)
Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!), is he fair game for questions about World Trade Center, Iraq War and eco collapse? Careful!
I will be in South Carolina all week. Saturday is BIG, BIG, BIG! Get out and vote - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz are not electable presidential candidates, Hillary would destroy them. Ted may not be eligible to run - born in Canada
Funny that Jeb(!) didn't want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn't even want to use his last name.Then mommy, now brother!
Ted Cruz, along with Jeb Bush, pushed Justice John Roberts onto the Supreme Court. Roberts could have killed ObamaCare twice, but didn't!
Wow, in the new CBS Poll I went way up into the forties! Thank you!
Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists &amp; special interests - the bosses!
Loved the debate last night, and almost everyone said I won, but the RNC did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. All donors &amp; special ints
I will be on Face the Nation with John Dickerson on CBS this morning. Enjoy!
Even though every poll, Time, Drudge etc., has me winning the debate by a lot, @FoxNews only puts negative people on. Biased - a total joke!
Hey @glennbeck- see how I beat your boy Ted- in your own Blaze poll? Your endorsement means nothing! #GOPDebate
All polls have me winning debate big- Drudge, TIME, etc. Dopey Charles Krauthammer still nasty. He has zero cred- totally dishonest!
How can @JebBush beat Hillary Clinton- if he can't beat anyone else on the #GOPDebate stage with $150M? I am the only one who can!
Lightweight @JebBush said tonight he didn't know his family used private eminent domain in Texas- Lie! 
#GOPDebate
Ted Cruz is a cheater! He holds the Bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts!
Nasty Ted Cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w/ @RealBenCarson- saying I may not be on ballot &amp; I hold liberal positions. LIES!
Wow! Honored to be chosen by the highly respected + accurate Washington &amp; Lee Mock Convention. I hope you are right - I will make you proud!
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY!
Love the people of South Carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight.
A very big thank you to Bill Donohue, head of The Catholic League, for the wonderful interview on @CNN and article in Newsmax! Great insight
Totally unauthorized, do not pay. I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn. #Trump2016
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The RNC, which is probably not on my side, just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying Trump wants you to contribute to the RNC.
Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.
Word is that little Morty Zuckerman’s @NYDailyNews loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?
When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing @NYDailyNews will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.
11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!
Millions of $'s of false ads,  paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater @SenTedCruz  and sleepy @JebBush, are now running in S.C.
Last time lightweight @JebBush tried to knock off @marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time, he is out!
If @TedCruz doesn’t clean up his act, stop cheating, &amp; doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.
Lightweight @JebBush is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!
After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect &amp; ill-informed ads.
Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get.
The failing @NYDailyNews, destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!
How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
Lying Cruz put out a statement, “Trump &amp; Rubio are w/Obama on gay marriage." Cruz is the worst liar, crazy or very dishonest. Perhaps all 3?
Just landed in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. Wow! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Heading to Baton Rouge, Louisiana for a speech. Expecting a very large crowd! See you soon. #Trump2016 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We are getting reports from many voters that the Cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest "pushpolls" on me. We are watching!
Jeb failed as Jeb! He gave up and enlisted Mommy and his brother (who got us into the quicksand of Iraq). Spent $120 million.Weak-no chance!
He (or she) who hesitates is lost: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember, it was the Republican Party, with the help of Conservatives, that made so many promises to their base, BUT DIDN'T KEEP THEM! Hi DT
.@MarkHalperin showed a focus group on @Morning_Joe me using a very bad word. I never said the word, left an open blank. Please apologize!
Jeb Bush spent more than $40,000,000 in New Hampshire to come in 4 or 5, I spent $3,000,000 to come in 1st. Big difference in capability!
There are no buyers for the worthless @NYDailyNews but little Mort Zuckerman is frantically looking. It is bleeding red ink - a total loser!
I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core--- keep education local!
I was referring to the fact that Jeb Bush wants to keep common core.
Big speech tonight in South Carolina - 7:00 P.M. Tremendous crowd!
So funny, Jeb Bush called me a "highly gifted politician and a great entertainer" - I assume that is a compliment!
Such a great experience in New Hampshire - amazing people! Will be leaving for a big event in South Carolina today.
Like the worthless @NYDailyNews, looks like @politico will be going out of business. Bad reporting- no money, no cred!
Worthless @NYDailyNews, which dopey Mort Zuckerman, is desperately trying to sell, has no buyer! Liabilities are massive!
Dopey Mort Zuckerman, owner of the worthless @NYDailyNews, has a major inferiority complex. Paper will close soon!
Thank you to the people of  New Hampshire, I love you! Now, off to South Carolina.
We will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into New Hampshire from our open southern border. We will build a WALL and have security.
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our "leader" - If I win it will be a very different story,with very fast results
New Hampshire vote today -  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:40. A.M. Enjoy!
The polls are now showing that I am the best to win the GENERAL ELECTION. States that are never in play for Repubs will be won by me. Great!
No-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. I have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so!
I know the "Governors" and Jeb Bush, who has gone nasty with lies, is by far the weakest of the lot. His family used private eminent domain!
Remember @JebBush wants COMMON CORE (education from D.C.) and is very weak on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION ("come as act of love"). Not a leader!
Now that Bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign, he says he would end super PACs. Sad!
Everybody is laughing at Jeb Bush-spent $100 million and is at bottom of pack. A pathetic figure!
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #CommonCore and very weak on illegal immigration.
Jeb Bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a Super Bowl ad. He is a weak candidate!
My two wonderful sons, Don and Eric, will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 - now! Enjoy.
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50
I am on @foxandfriends now! Tune in!
I will be on State of the Union @CNN with @jaketapper at 9am. Enjoy!
I love New Hampshire - will be an exciting evening!
Wow, Jeb Bush, whose campaign is a total disaster, had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. Not nice!
Really dumb @CheriJacobus. Begged my people for a job. Turned her down twice and she went hostile. Major loser, zero credibility!
Heading to South Carolina, really big crowd! Will be back in New Hampshire tomorrow.
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Such great support in New Hampshire. So many people are working so hard to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in New Hampshire—so many things to say, so much at stake. It will be an incredible evening!
Big storm in New Hampshire. Moved my event to Monday. Will be there next four days.
Watch @AC360 on NOW! @CNN
I will be interviewed by Anderson Cooper at 8pm on @CNN from New Hampshire. Should be very interesting!
.@oreillyfactor @KarlRove- as per the show, an even more serious Cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone.
Thank you @billoreilly &amp; @KarlRove. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa, with each candidate moving up one notch.
Sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn't want to run against me. He would be so easy to beat!
Dr. Ben Carson blasted Ted Cruz for "deceit and dirty tricks and lies."
Cruz just lied again- I am, and have been totally against #ObamaCare- repeal and replace!
The State of Iowa should disqualify Ted Cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud!
I will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 P.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
Based on the fraud committed by Senator Ted Cruz during the Iowa Caucus, either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified.
And finally, Cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers (voters) that Trump was strongly in favor of ObamaCare and "choice" - a total lie!
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter(grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud
Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also, Cruz sent out a VOTER VIOLATION certificate to thousands of voters.
During primetime of the Iowa Caucus, Cruz put out a release that @RealBenCarson was quitting the race, and to caucus (or vote) for Cruz.
Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa, he stole it. That is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. Bad!
Great job on @donlemon tonight @kayleighmcenany  @cherijacobus begged us for a job. We said no and she went hostile. A real dummy! @CNN
Anybody who watched all of Ted Cruz's far too long, rambling, overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his Howard Dean moment!
.@Morning_Joe  @mikebarnicle on @realDonaldTrump: He finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro"
I don't believe I have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign, the only one. I will keep doing, but not worth it!
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd
The media has not covered my long-shot great finish in Iowa fairly. Brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa, I spent very little there - a fraction of Cruz &amp; Rubio. Came in a strong second. Great honor
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice
It all begins today - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with @jdickerson this morning. Enjoy!
I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With @GStephanopoulos  this morning. ENJOY!
If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000.
By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing "unfairness" - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS.
Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal &amp; replace. He lies!
Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!
Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!
I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz. @foxandfriends
.@bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony @foxandfriends
.@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!
The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters "in violation." They are now under investigation. Bad!
I will be in Iowa all day and until Tuesday morning. Finally, after all these years of watching stupidity, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
.@oreillyfactor  The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!
.@FoxNews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS.
Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like @BenSasse, who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator  is endorsing Canada Ted!
.@BenSasse looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?  @greta
The great State of Nebraska can do much better than @BenSasse as your Senator. Saw him on @greta - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.
The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
They say that if I participated in last night’s Fox debate, they would have had 12 million more &amp; would have broken the all time record.
Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!
Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy &amp; proud
Thank you for the kind words tonight, @OMAROSA. You were great! See you soon!
An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked! #GOPDebate
Watching biased Charles @krauthammer, a @FoxNews flunky who didn't know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls!
I hear that @SenTedCruz’s $$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Ted’s) holdings.?
The "debate" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.
Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.
On Greta, 87% of the people said they would not watch the debate if I'm not in it. Wow- what an honor!
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
It was the childishly written &amp; taunting PR statement by Fox that made me not do the debate, more so than lightweight reporter, @megynkelly.
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. (Eastern). Enjoy!
Even though I beat him in the first six debates, especially the last one, Ted Cruz wants to debate me again. Can we do it in Canada?
Just got to listen to Rush Limbaugh - the guy is fantastic!
The statement put out yesterday by @FoxNews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. Who would ever say something so nasty &amp; dumb
I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo, because that would not be politically correct. Instead I will only call her a lightweight reporter!
Do you think @SenTedCruz knows about @bobvanderplaats dealings? Actually, I doubt it!
.@bobvanderplaats begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100,000 for himself—a bad guy!
Great honor- Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University, one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation, has just endorsed me!
Why doesn't phony  @bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn't like paying
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @MorningsMaria  @FoxBusiness at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy.
I will be doing @GMA @GStephanopoulos this morning at around 7:00. Likewise, I will be doing @Morning_Joe at around 7:00. Figure it out!
Just landed in New Hampshire. Will be at the venue shortly. #FITN
Leaving now for New Hampshire. Big crowd- looking forward to it! #FITN
Cruz lies are almost as bad as Jeb's. These politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
Cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. Lies never work!
Ted Cruz is a nervous wreck. He is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! His poll #'s are way down!
I will be on @CNNSitRoom with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est. on @CNN.
I will be on Morning's with Maria on the Fox Business Network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am ET hours.
I will be on The Situation Room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on CNN
It's time for Ted Cruz to either settle his problem with the FACT that he was born in Canada and was a citizen of Canada, or get out of race
I will be on Face The Nation this morning at various times across the U.S. @CBSNews  Enjoy!
I will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the U.S. @NBCNews  Enjoy!
Word is that crying @GlennBeck left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.
Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa.
I will be on FOX with the great @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! #Trump2016
.@williebosshog such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!
Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!
Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!
Based on @MegynKelly's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.
Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!
Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!
I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!
.@AnnCoulter has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!
I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!
Is Cruz honest? He is in bed w/ Wall St. &amp; is funded by Goldman Sachs/Citi, low interest loans. No legal disclosure &amp; never sold off assets.
Cruz did not renounce his Canadian citizenship as a US Senator- only when he started to run for #POTUS. He could be Canadian Prime Minister.
Cruz says I supported TARP, which gave $25 million to Goldman Sachs, the bank which loaned him the money he didn't disclose. Puppet!
The only reason irrelevant @GlennBeck doesn't like me is I refused to do his failing show - asked many times. Very few listeners - sad!
.@BrentBozell, one of the National Review lightweights, came to my office begging for money like a dog. Why doesn't he say that?
Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS, the Chinese or with Putin.
Ted Cruz went down big in just released Reuters poll - what's going on? Is it Goldman Sachs/Citi loans or Canada?
Rush Limbaugh is great, tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! Thanks Rush! #Trump2016
The tax scam Washington Post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. Really dishonest reporting.
Wow! New National Zogby Poll just out:.TRUMP 45. CRUZ 13. RUBIO 8. Big numbers.
Leaving Nevada now for Iowa. Things are looking good - great new polls!
The dying @NRO National Review has totally given up the fight against Barrack Obama. They have been losing for years. I will beat Hillary!
After spending $89 million, @JebBush is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. He is ashamed to use the name "Bush" in ads. Low energy guy!
The failing @NRO National Review Magazine has just been informed by the Republican National Committee that they cannot participate in debate
Highly respected Constitutional law professor Mary Brigid McManamon has just stated, "Ted Cruz is not eligible to be President." Big problem
Ted Cruz complains about my views on eminent domain, but without it we wouldn't have roads, highways, airports, schools or even pipelines.
The late, great, William F. Buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize, the dying National Review!
Very few people read the National Review because it only knows how to criticize, but not how to lead.
National Review is a failing publication that has lost it's way. It's circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. Sad!
Why does @Greta have a fired Bushy like dummy, John Sununu on- spewing false info? I will beat Hillary by a lot, she wants no part of Trump.
Happy birthday to my friend, the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy!
New Day on CNN treats me very badly. @AlisynCamerota is a disaster. Not going to watch anymore.
Low energy candidate @JebBush has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign. Millions spent on me. He should go home and relax!
Sad sack @JebBush has just done another ad on me, with special interest money, saying I won't beat Hillary - I WILL. But he can't beat me.
So sad that @CNN and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in Oklahoma. Dishonest reporting!
Wacko @glennbeck is a sad answer to the @SarahPalinUSA endorsement that Cruz so desperately wanted. Glenn is a failing, crying, lost soul!
“Palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower,” said Ralph Reed, the chairman of the Faith &amp; Freedom Coalition.
Wow, the highly respected Governor of Iowa just stated that "Ted Cruz must be defeated." Big shoker! People do not like Ted.
.@FreeJesseJames- Just read your complete statement. You are an amazing guy &amp; I really appreciate your words &amp; support. I will see you soon!
Really disgusting that the failing New York Times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories.
Dope Frank Bruni said I called many people, including Karl Rove, losers-true! I never called my friend @HowardStern a loser- he’s a winner!
Wow, new polls just out have Trump up and Cruz down - he is a nervous wreck!
.@TheBrodyFile great job on @AC360. Thank you for the very smart and kind words!
I don't think Ted Cruz can even run for President until he can assure Republican voters that being born in Canada is not a problem. Doubt!
Ted Cruz is falling in the polls. He is nervous. People are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
Leaving for Liberty University. I'll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. #Trump2016
I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money, not controlled.  Cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his N.Y. bosses.
Far more killed than anticipated in radical Islamic terror attack yesterday. Get tough and smart U.S., or we won't have a country anymore!
Iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving them...but they won't buy from U.S., rather Airbus!
In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion, 7 most wanted and many off watch list. This will create great incentive for others!
Wow! Ted Cruz received $487K in campaign contributions, $11M from a NY hedge fund mogul, &amp; $1M low int. loan from Goldman Sachs. Hypocrite
Greatly dishonest of @TedCruz to file a financial disclosure form &amp; not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up Wall St
When will @TedCruz give all the New York based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him.
Everybody that loves the people of New York, and all they have been thru, should get hypocrites like Ted Cruz out of politics!
If Ted Cruz is so opposed to gay marriage, why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him!
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a "natural born Canadian," did he borrow unreported loans from C banks?
Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate.
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wife's employer, and his lender, is located there!
Was there another loan that Ted Cruz FORGOT to file. Goldman Sachs owns him, he will do anything they demand. Not much of a reformer!
Ted Cruz said he "didn't know" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs Million $ loan papers.Not believable
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so
More radical Islam attacks today - it never ends! Strengthen the borders, we must be vigilant and smart. No more being politically correct.
.@FrankLuntz is a total clown. Has zero credibility!  @FoxNews  @megynkelly
.@oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing @glennbeck that I supported John McCain big league in 2008, not Obama!
Just got back from Iowa - had a great time with amazing people. Will be back soon!
.@GeraldoRivera  Thank you Geraldo for your nice words on @oreillyfactor tonight. You are a true champion! Thank @ericbolling - great guy!
Jusr watched  #HarveyPitt on @TeamCavuto - he was great!
Sen. Lindsey Graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for President and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of Bush.
Jeb Bush, who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero, just got Graham endorsement. Graham quit at O.
Do you think Iran would have acted so tough if they were Russian sailors? Our country was humiliated.
United States looks more and more like a paper tiger. Won't be that way if I win!
Stuart Stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. Romney campaign,his book,etc. Why does @andersoncooper put him on?
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures &amp; images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
Why does @CNN &amp; @andersoncooper waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist, Stuart Stevens - who lost BIG for Romney - on the show?
.@EricTrump- unbelievable job on #FoxNews with @greta. That was better than I could do! #Trump2016
Sadly, there is no way that Ted Cruz can continue running in the Republican Primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. Dems will sue!
Iran toys with U.S. days before we pay them, ridiculously, billions of dollars. Don't release money. We want our hostages back NOW!
Numerous polls have me beating Hillary Clinton. In a race with her, voter turnout will be the highest in U.S. history-I get most new voters!
The State Of The Union speech was one of the most boring, rambling and non-substantive I have heard in a long time. New leadership fast!
Just found out that @tedcruz is spending a fortune on Iowa push polls negative to me. Not nice, but OK! New polls are great.
The #SOTU speech is really boring, slow, lethargic - very hard to watch!
The Iran deal is terrible. Why didn't we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to Russia. #SOTU
On my way to Cedar Falls, Iowa, now. Will be great--I love the people of Iowa!
The Tonight Show begins in 5 minutes. Enjoy!
.@stuartpstevens horrible advise to Mitt Romney made victory an impossibility. Don't blame Mitt! Now Stevens can't get a job!
Fantastic job on @CNN  tonight. @kayleighmcenany is a winner! @donlemon
Don't forget to watch The Tonight Show with the wonderful @jimmyfallon at 11:30 P.M. You will not be disappointed!  @NBC
Face The Nation's interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. Congratulations and WOW!  @CBSNews @jdickerson
.@MajorCBS Major Garrett of @CBSNews covers me very inaccurately. Total agenda, bad reporter!
Thank you Michael Harrison @Talkersmagazine for your kind words - greatly appreciated!
.@megynkelly recently said that she can’t be wooed by Trump. She is so average in every way, who the hell wants to woo her!
.@RinglingBros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same.
Congratulations to @jdickerson of Face the Nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! Thank you!
So professional of @ABC news to throw out the failing @UnionLeader newspaper from their debate. Paper won't survive, highly unethical!
Great job on Fox this morning @KatiePavlich. I am sending out for your book immediately. Thank you very much!
Congratulations to my friend @TheSlyStallone on winning a #GoldenGlobe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved!
Why does @ThisWeekABC w/ @GStephanopoulos allow a hater &amp; racist like @tavissmiley to waste good airtime? @ABC can do much better than him!
Union Leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the ABC News debate like a dog. For starters, try getting a new publisher!
UL has lost all credibility under Joe McQuaid w circulation dropping to record lows. They aren't worthy of representing the great people NH.
This is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. I said it should not be allowed and ABC agreed.
If their highly unethical behavior, including begging me for ads, isn’t questionable enough, they have endorsed a candidate who can’t win.
Remember, get TIME magazine! I am on the cover. Take it out in 4 years and read it again! Just watch...
Heading now for Reno, Nevada, for a big rally. Good poll numberd all over!
In the just out @FoxNews Poll, I easily beat Hillary Clinton - and I havn't even focused on her yet. On our way: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Yesterday in Iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. They love that I am the only candidate self-funding!
I want to thank the people of Iowa for an unbelievable day. The crowds were amazing. Will be back Tuesday!
Will be on Meet the Press with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on Fox tomorrow morning. Tune in!
I'm protesting the @UnionLeader from having anything to do w/ ABC debate. Their unethical record doesn't give them the right to be involved!
(1/2) Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had.
.@JonahNRO, watched on @seanhannity and appreciate your statements --- I have been waiting for them for a long time. Thank you.
Constitutional law expert  #Laurence Tribe of Harvard says "wrong to say it (natural born citizen) is a settled matter-it isn't settled).
South Carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting (and fun). I am now off to Iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. Love it!
Pat Buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on @CNN - way to go Pat, way ahead of your time!
Great even in SC tonight! Fire Marshall would not let everyone in-- 5,000 turned away. Thank you for coming!
Will be at venue, in wonderful South Carolina, very soon. Big traffic back-up, tremendous crowd! Will be wild.
Love seeing union &amp; non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their #Dem leaders can’t compete!
I hope all workers demand that their @Teamsters reps endorse Donald J. Trump. Nobody knows jobs like I do! Don’t let them sell you out!
On my way to South Carolina. Big Crowd--- look forward to it!
Hank Greenberg, formerly of AIG, gave $10 million to the @JebBush campaign 3 months ago. He is not happy, a total waste of money!
Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing.
I'm leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild!
Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse on @TheView. We love Barbara!
The @TheView @ABC, once great when headed by @BarbaraJWalters, is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!
Weak &amp; ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!
.@SenTedCruz Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now &amp; seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!
I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!
.@Macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&amp;P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.
The failing @UnionLeader newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!
I will be on @wolfblitzer for a @CNNSitRoom interview today. Please join us 5PM ET.
Huge crowd expected tomorrow night! VT Police say first come, first serve. Arrive early!
Don’t like @SamuelLJackson’s golf swing.  Not athletic. I’ve won many club championships. Play him for charity!
I don’t cheat at golf but @SamuelLJackson cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials!
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people  by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
I don’t know @SamuelLJackson, to best of my knowledge haven't played golf w/him &amp; think he does too many TV commercials—boring. Not a fan.
Wow @UnionLeader circulation in NH has dropped from 75,000 to around 10—bad management. No wonder they begged me for ads.
The rally in Lowell, Massachusetts, was amazing. 10,000 people going wild. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Woody Johnson, owner of the NYJets, is @JebBush’s finance chairman. If Woody would’ve been w/me, he would’ve been in the playoffs, at least!
I look forward to being in Lowell, Massachusetts, today. I hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun!
The worst thing Hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. Just watch.
Iran, with all of the money and all else given to them by Obama, has wanted a way to take over Saudi Arabia &amp; their oil. THEY JUST FOUND IT!
.@RuthMarcus of the @washingtonpost was terrible today on Face The Nation.No focus, poor level of concentration-but correct on Hillary lying
.@chucktodd said today on @meetthepress that "attacking Bill to get to Hillary has never worked before." Wrong - attacked him in '08 &amp; won!
Does anybody remember when Bill Clinton, in 2008, worked long and hard for Hillary? She LOST! Now Bill is at it again. Just watch.
Hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!
Al-Shabbab, not ISIS, just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner &amp; if I speak out against them, which I must. Hillary lied!
Hillary Clinton lied last week when she said ISIS made a D.T. video. The video that ISIS made was about her husband being a degenerate.
Just returned from Mississippi - a great evening.
Just arrived in Mississippi for the rally. Word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. Will be an amazing evening!
Remember, I am self-funding my campaign, the only one in either party. I'm not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the U.S.A.!
When I look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates, beware - the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!
Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or stamina to be president. Jeb Bush is a low energy individual, but Hillary is not much better!
Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL, but not O.K. to do so in the U.S. We must be vigilant!
.@JebBush is a low energy "stiff" who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. Has no chance!
.@JebBush is a sad case. A total embarrassment to both himself and his family, he just announced he will continue to spend on Trump hit ads!
The person that Hillary Clinton least wants to run against is, by far, me. It will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped!
I will be going to Mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! Look forward to it.
Well, the year has officially begun. I have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around!
I will be on @FoxNews live,  with members of my family, at 11:50 P.M. We will ring in the New Year together! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO, FINALLY, MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN!
Do you believe that The State Department, on NEW YEAR'S EVE, just released more of Hillary's e-mails. They just want it all to end. BAD!
I would feel sorry for @JebBush and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $'s of hit ads on me
People ask, "why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about @JebBush when he is so low in the polls?" Because of his big $ hit ads on me!
.@JebBush has spent  $63,000,000 and is at the bottom of the polls. I have spent almost nothing and am at the top. WIN!  @hughhewitt
A GREAT day in South Carolina. Record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. This is now a movement to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I predict that dying @UnionLeader newspaper, which has been run into the ground by publisher "Stinky" Joe McQuaid, will be dead in 2 years!
I'm going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the New Year 2016. Everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night!
I never thought I'd be saying this but I've really enjoyed  @RichLowry on television lately, and he was terrific hosting @seanhannity
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) is desperately trying to sell the @UnionLeader. It's a loser, and my comments haven't helped him much.
The dying @UnionLeader newspaper in NH is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out!
Iowa was fantastic last night, amazing crowd and people. I'm now in Florida, getting ready to go to South Carolina. Big crowd, very exciting
.@CharlesHurt   You were great on @seanhannity last night. Thanks for the nice words. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader wanted ads, lunches, donations, speeches from me, and tweets---very unethical.
The great people of New Hampshire, who I love, are not properly served by the dying Union Leader newspaper.
Shows how dumb Joe McQuaid (@deucecrew) of the dying Union Leader is to put out the letter I wrote saying why I didn't do his failed debate!
I hope @TGowdySC does better for Rubio than he did at the #Benghazi hearings, which were a total disaster for Republicans &amp; America!
Looking forward to being in Council Bluffs, Iowa, later today. Despite weather, rally is on -- will be fantastic! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
So, I have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. Jeb Bush has spent $59 million &amp; done. Run country my way!
My campaign for president is $35,000,000 under budget, I have spent very little (and am in 1st place).Now I will spend big in Iowa/N.H./S.C.
.@jessebwatters is terrific at hosting on @FoxNews - he really gets it!
Remember that Bill Clinton was brought in to help Hillary against Obama in 2008. He was terrible, failed badly, and was called a racist!
Strange, but I see wacko Bernie Sanders allies coming over to me because I'm lowering taxes, while he will double &amp; triple them, a disaster!
Wages in are country are too low, good jobs are too few,  and people have lost faith in our leaders.We need smart and strong leadership now!
Many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone, shipped to other countries. We now are part time, sad! I WILL FIX!
The middle-class has worked so hard, are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no  effective raise in years. BAD
If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband, with his terrible record of women abuse, while playing the women's card on me, she's wrong!
Hopefully the Republican National Committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in Virginia's Republican Party. FAST!
Straighten out The Republican Party of Virginia before it is too late. Stupid!  RNC
.@BernieSanders-who blew his campaign when he gave Hillary a pass on her e-mail crime, said that I feel wages in America are too high. Lie!
The voters the Republican Party of Virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. The Dems LOVE IT! Be smart and win for a change!
R.P.Virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. Will now not allow desperately needed new voters. Suicidal mistake. RNC MUST ACT NOW!
It begins, Republican Party of Virginia, controlled by the RNC, is working hard to disallow independent, unaffiliated and new voters. BAD!
I will do far more for women than Hillary, and I will keep our country safe, something which she will not be able to do-no strength/stamina!
Hillary Clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but HE'S DEMONSTRATED A PENCHANT FOR SEXISM, so inappropriate!
A new terror warning was issued for European cties. At what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. Weak leaders!
Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!
The Phoenix V.A., it has just been reported, is in worse shape than ever before. The wait is horrendous, and people are dying. I will fix it
The same people that said I wouldn't run, or that I wouldn't lead or do well (1st place and leading by 21%), now say I won't beat Hillary.
.@chucktodd is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until I came along-no ratings. I will beat Hillary!
@CNN just announced that TRUMP was #1 story of 2015. Totally meaningless, however, if we don't WIN IT ALL and Make America Great Again!
When will the Democrats, and Hillary in particular, say "we must build a wall, a great wall, and Mexico is going to pay for it?" Never!
Our great VETERANS are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the V.A. That will stop, I will fix this quickly!
Remember when failed candidate @JebBush said that illegals came across the border as AN ACT OF LOVE? He's spent $59 million and is at 3%.
We have many problems in our house (country!), and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Does everyone see that the Democrats and President Obama are now, because of me, starting to deport people who are here illegally. Politics!
.@deedeesorvino was GREAT today on @FoxNews  She gets what is going on in politics, and sees it very clearly. Have her on more!
Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It will be done!
.@danielhalper  Great job on @CNN today. Very wise indeed!
.@HallieJackson Why didn't you report Hillary lying about the ISIS video. Bad reporting. Perhaps @NBC will do better next year-but doubt it!
I am now in Palm Beach, Florida, and will be going to church tonight. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@meetthepress and @chucktodd very dishonest in not showing the new @CNN Poll where I am at 39%, 21points higher than Cruz. Be honest Chuck!
Why isn't @chucktodd using the much newer @CNN Poll when discussing how well I am doing instead of the older Q Poll? CNN even better!
Wow, because of the pressure put on by me, ICE TO LAUNCH LARGE SCALE DEPORTATION RAIDS. It's about time!
Next year will be an interesting one. I look forward to running against Hillary Clinton, a totally flawed candidate, and beating her soundly
Third rate reporters Amy Chozick and Maggie Haberman of the failing @nytimes are totally in the Hillary circle of bias. Think about Bill!
Wow, even lowly Rand Paul has just past @JebBush in the new @CNN Poll. Jeb is at 3%, I'm at 39%. Stop throwing your money down the drain!
In the ridiculous @JebBush ad about me, Jeb is speaking to me during the debate, but doesn't allow my answer, which destroys him - SO SAD!
Poor @JebBush spent $50 million on his campaign, I spent almost nothing. He's bottom (and gone), I'm top (by a lot). That's what U.S. needs!
Hillary said "I really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign." I deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity
Hillary, when you complain about "a penchant for sexism," who are you referring to. I have great respect for women. BE CAREFUL!
It is hard to believe I am winning by so much when I am treated so badly by the media.  New @CNN Poll amazing in ALL categories. 21 pt. Lead
Why does @FoxNews give @KarlRove so much airtime. He (and other Fox pundits) is so biased. Still thinks Romney won. Unfair coverage of Trump
.@FoxNews treats me so badly. Using old Quinnipiac Poll where I have a much smaller lead than the just out @CNN Poll. All negative!
The @washingtonpost, which is the lobbyist (power) for not imposing taxes on #Amazon, today did a nasty cartoon attacking @tedcruz kids. Bad
The Hillary Clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. Be careful Hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card.
Big news just out - NEW @CNN POLL  TRUMP  39 and leads in every major category. Likeability way up. CRUZ 18  CARSON 10  RUBIO 10
We need a PRESIDENT with strength, stamina, heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
It is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. Sad!
When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama, it meant got beaten badly. The media knows this. Often used word in politics!
Wow, new Reuters Poll just out. Big lead if you want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  TRUMP 37  CRUZ 11 This is at the top of Drudge!
For those on TV defending my use of the word "schlonged," bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM
NPR's @NealConan said "schlonged" to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: "That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls." #Hypocrisy
Once again, #MSM is dishonest. "Schlonged" is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got "schlonged" that meant beaten badly.
Jeb's big ad buy against me, paid for by lobbyists, shows my face but doesn't have me answering Jeb's statements. He is really pathetic!
Watching @CNN and consider @secupp to be one of the least talented people on television. Boring and biased!
.@JebBush's opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around, incoherent.
Why doesn't @JebBush, in his ads, show my answer to his statement in the debate?
Will @JebBush, in his phony advertising campaign, show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
.@JebBush just took millions of $'s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. Will never work!
Weak and low energy @JebBush, whose campaign is a disaster, is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy.
@HerschelWalker, thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated!
Getting ready to leave for Michigan - will be an amazing evening! See you there.
Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about "the video" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video.
Thanks @AndreaTantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. Big progress is being made. Keep up the great work!
A suicide bomber has just killed U.S. troops in Afghanistan. When will our leaders get tough and smart. We are being led to slaughter!
It's the Democrats' total weakness &amp; incompetence that gave rise to ISIS --  not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
Getting ready to go to the great State of Michigan. Big crowd tonight. Make America Great Again!
Just out: TRUMP GOP DEBATE - 18,000,000. CLINTON DEMOCRAT DEBATE - 6,700,000. And they were on major network vs. cable!
Hillary said with respect to ISIS, "we are finally where we need to be." Do we want 4  more years of incompetent leadership?  MAGA!
I demand an apology from Hillary Clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. There never was a video.
Hillary said at debate ISIS is "going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst." She made up story-want apology!
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
.@JebBush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner, he would rather be where he is now, 2%. That is the talk of a loser, can't win!
.@MissUniverse final 3 on now. Great people, great new owner @IMG. WATCH.
My friend, @AriEmanuel of @IMG, bought the Miss Universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #Fox! Tune in!
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no ISIS video of me. Therefore, Hillary LIED at the debate last night. SAD!
.@JebBush was terrible on Face The Nation today. Being at 2% and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. A basket case!
Hillary Clinton lied when she said that "ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool." This was fact checked by @FoxNews: FALSE
.@GStephanopoulos stupidly believes that Hillary wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite!
President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint, and yet he flies all the way to Hawaii on a massive old 747.
See, Sanders backed Hillary on E-mails at the debate, hurting himself, and then she threw him under the bus (but failed). Disloyal person!
The last thing our country needs is another BUSH! Dumb as a rock!
.@JebBush has embarrassed himself &amp; his family with his incompetent campaign for President. He should remain true to himself.
Weak &amp; ineffective @JebBush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
I have an idea for @JebBush whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name &amp; don’t be ashamed of it!
.@MelindaDC  Don’t misrepresent in order to make a point. I was always tough on ISIS--as you’ll find out after I get elected.
Will be on @jimmykimmel in 20 minutes on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
.@GlennBeck got fired like a dog by #Fox. The Blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. I said no - because he is irrelevant.
Will be on @jimmykimmel tonight at 11:35pmE on @ABC. #Kimmel #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength, no stamina.
Jeb Bush had a tough night at the debate. Now he'll probably take some of his special interest money, he is their puppet, and buy ad's.
Thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. The debate was interesting, and fun. Keep up the great work!
Will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 P.M. Will be talking about the debate, and more!
Bill O'Reilly calls Trump and  campaign brilliant. In first place by 27 points.
.@MarkHalperin works so hard but just doesn't have a natural instinct for politics. Others do, and those are the people you want to follow!
Thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @CNN. It was a good night!
Thank you, so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. All polls agree. It was fun and interesting!
Thank you, @FrankLuntz - for saying I was a winner tonight. It is my great honor. #Trump2016
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you!
. #JoeTheismann was great as a political analyst on @FoxNews. He knows far more than football. Thanks for the nice words Joe!
I won every debate so far according to all debate polls including @DRUDGE_REPORT, @TIME @Slate and more. Too bad dopey @megynkelly lies!
Between Iraq war monger @krauthammer, dummy @KarlRove, deadpan @GeorgezWill, highly overrated @megynkelly, among others, @FoxNews not fair!
I am in Trump International Hotel, Las Vegas, getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. Look forward -   hope I get treated fairly!
I wonder if @megynkelly and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. No matter how well I do - bad!
.@megynkelly is very bad at math. She was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and Cruz in the new Monmouth Poll 41to14.
.@megynkelly, the most overrated anchor at @FoxNews, worked hard to explain away the new Monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. She said 15!
Why isn't anyone using the @CNN Iowa Poll with me having a big lead. They only want to use the one negative poll (2nd place).Dishonest press
Isn't it amazing that @CNN paid a fortune for an Iowa Poll, which shows me in first place over Cruz by 13%, 33% to 20% - then doesn't use it
Wow, I just had two very good Iowa polls and a phenomenal just out National Poll from @ABC @washingtonpost - 38%.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@oreillyfactor, horrible defense of me against highly overrated @krauthammer. I will bring more people into the party &amp; easily beat Hillary!
Why doesn't @CNN use the #CNN Iowa poll? @andersoncooper @andydean2014
Thank you @CarlHigbie. Great work on @CNN. #Trump2016
Thank you @hardball_chris for your nice words. They are very much appreciated. I fully understand that you really get it.
Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected @PeteRose_14 for the Hall of Fame. He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
.@scottienhughes - you were fantastic on CNN. Thank you for the nice words. See you at the #GOPDebate.
.@PatrickBuchanan was great on @TeamCavuto @FoxNews. Thank you Pat! #Tump2016
Another great accolade for @TrumpGolf. Highly respected Golf Odyssey- awarded @TrumpDoral Blue Monster with best redesign. Thank you!
Why doesn't @FoxNews quote the new Iowa @CNN Poll where I have a 33% to 20% lead over Ted Cruz and all others. Think about it!
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back, get caught, and then deny it. Well, welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
I did interview with Chris Wallace of @FoxNews in order to be fair. He then puts on Rove, Lane and Will, three Trump bashers, to discuss.
Many think that the Championship Course at Turnberry, home of The Duel In The Sun, will be the worlds best after the renovation.
A very good NBC/Wall Street Journal Poll was just released wherein I went up from last month and am in the lead. Nice!
.@danawhite  Great job last night - very exciting! You have come a long way from those difficult early days, I am proud of you.
People that have read it tell me that @KarlRove book is terrible (and boring). Save your money! @FoxNews should can him, no credibility!
Chris Wallace @fox at 10:00 A.M.
.@CNN @jaketapper at 9:00 A.M.
.@Peggynoonannyc An election between Hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in U.S. history. Just like the debates 24 M vs 2M.
.@Peggynoonannyc Interesting article, but I will beat Hillary easily. People that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me!
Something must be done with dopey @KarlRove - he is pushing Republicans down the same old path of defeat. Don't fall for it, Karl is a loser
I will be interviewed on @jaketapper @CNN at 9:00 A.M. and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:O0  A.M. CNN Iowa Poll -13 point lead!
New CNN Iowa poll --- Trump 33, Cruz 20. Everyone else way down! Don't trust Des Moines Register poll- biased towards Trump!
Getting the support of @DanaWhite of UFC means a lot. A total winner, who has done an amazing job. Just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
.@Franklin_Graham, so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me, thank you! Heading to big crowd in South Carolina!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
.@loudobbsnews did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin. Congrats to both!
Just got back from Iowa, great people!
.@MonicaCrowley you were great with @SeanHannity on @FoxNews tonight.  Thank you for your kind words. We will keep Americans safe.
Dopey Prince @Alwaleed_Talal wants to control our U.S. politicians with daddy’s money. Can’t do it when I get elected. #Trump2016
Thank you @SeanHannity &amp; @BoDiet! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tom Ridge is a failed 'Bushy' &amp; PA Governor. Him &amp; his friend @KarlRove shouldn't be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens!
Tom Ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process. I will win!
Never get good #'s from failing Des Moines Register/Bloomberg. I think something's going on w/them. Up 13 in IA according to respected CNN.
.@chucktodd is a nice guy , but just hopeless. He knows so little about politics and, in particular, winning!  I fixed his rating problem.
.@Morning_Joe just went off the rails. I will beat Hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. I am tuning them out, waste of time
.@tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses, he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way!
Looks like @tedcruz is getting ready to attack. I am leading by so much he must. I hope so, he will fall like all others. Will be easy!
.@Morning_Joe is so off on Iowa, which I am leading big in new @CNN poll. I will win Iowa. Also, I beat Hillary easily!
Great evening last night in  New Hampshire. Got the endorsement from the New England Police Union - big  territory, great people! Thank you.
.@BernardGoldberg was not good tonight on @oreillyfactor. He just doesn't know about winning! But he is a nice guy.
Respected Morning Consult poll just out. I lead all Republicans and beat Hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40!
Thank you to @Franklin_Graham. I have always appreciated your courage, but now more so than ever!
Establishment flunky @KarlRove is going crazy with the just released CBS poll that has me way ahead. New Fox poll has me beating Hillary.
Dummy @KarlRove continues to make and write false statements. He still thinks Romney won--he should get a life!
The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive  Muslim problem. Everybody is wise to what is happening, very sad! Be honest.
I have decided to postpone my trip to Israel and to schedule my meeting with @Netanyahu at a later date after I become President of the U.S.
Our VISA system is broken, like so much else in our country. We better get it fixed really fast. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30. So much to talk about!
Wow, my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
.@Megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, she's being driven crazy!
Weak and totally conflicted people like @TheRickWilson shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock!  @CNN
Great interview tonight @donlemon - very professionally done. @CNN
Thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been @TIME Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!
Why does @CNN bore their audience with people like @secupp, a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
.@secupp, who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent! @CNN
.@donlemon on @CNN at 10:00 P.M.
I am interviewed on the  @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by @donlemon on @CNN. Enjoy!
.@Mayor_Nutter of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!
I told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STAMINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!
The failing @nytimes does not mention the new @CNN Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad!
Great poll numbers just coming out of New Hampshire. BIG lead for "Trump" according to @CNN!
Wow, what a day. So many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous  danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into U.S.
Our country is facing a major threat from radical Islamic terrorism. We better get very smart, and very tough, FAST, before it is too late!
Despite my great respect for King Abdullah II, I will not be visiting Jordan at this time. This is in response to the false @AP report.
Prior to the end of the year, I will be traveling to Israel. I am very much looking forward to it.
Will be on @ABC News tonight at 6:30. Interviewed by the legendary @BarbaraJWalters! Enjoy
The legendary @BarbaraJWalters will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on @WNTonight at 6:30 PM.
A very big poll is coming out at 6 PM in New Hampshire. Will be very interested in the results.
I wish the @WSJ Wall Street Journal had reported the just out @CNN Iowa Poll correctly. I lead by a wide margin,13 points, going up big!
Just won IOWA @CNN Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%,  but @WSJ reported "Cruz momentum" but nothing about the fact that I easily won!
Just released @CNN Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing @nytimes. Thank you Iowa!
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender!
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred &amp; danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!
.@washingtonpost is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesn’t get that I’m good at winning!
If @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The @washingtonpost scam is saving it!
The @washingtonpost loses   money (a deduction) and gives owner @JeffBezos power to screw public on low taxation of @Amazon! Big tax shelter
The @washingtonpost, which loses a fortune, is owned by  @JeffBezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, @amazon.
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace
I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said "I'm a negotiator like you" Got standing O-rated best of day!
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger @OANN for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS &amp; W.R.
Well, Obama refused to say (he just can't say it), that we are at WAR with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS.
Should have gone after the oil years ago (like I have been saying).
Wish Obama would say ISIS, like almost everyone else, rather than ISIL.
Is that all there is? We need a new President - FAST!
Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
The podium in the Oval Office looks odd! Not good, but the words will be the key.
Hillary won't call out radical Islam! She will be soundly defeated.
I will be re-tweeting some of your better, most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. Make them good (great)! Important stuff.
BIG NIGHT ON TWITTER TONIGHT. I WILL BE LIVE TWEETING PRESIDENT OBAMA'S SPEECH AT 7:50 P.M. ( EASTERN). MUST TALK RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
Gee, @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then, with me,  he set records - I saved his job, but Chuck still not nice!
Wow, @GeorgeWill said some very nice things about me today on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. I am making progress, thanks George!
I will be live-tweeting President Obama's prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 P.M. (Eastern).Will he finally state the real problems?
.@BrookslawBrooks  Thank you so much for your nice words. I will make you look very smart!
So, how did I do on Face The Nation?
Watch Face The Nation - will be on now!
Hillary just said that she will not use the term "radical Islamic" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of  Obama &amp; the e-mails!
I will be interviewed on Face The Nation @CBSNews at 10:30 A.M. Should be interesting - ENJOY!
Was going to do a phoner this morning with @jaketapper on @CNN but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. Will do next week.
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
.@KatyTurNBC &amp; @DebSopan should be fired for dishonest reporting. Thank you @GatewayPundit for reporting the truth. #Trump2016
@Maddow, you copied incompetent @KatyTurNBC incorrect story. I'm sure you would like to apologize to me on show. Thank you for the courtesy.
Raleigh, North Carolina, was fantastic last night. Such incredible spirit. We all want to, and will, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@JRubinBlogger one of the dumber bloggers @washingtonpost only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. She is in love with Marco Rubio?
The horrible shooting that took place in San Bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. Why didn’t they report?
.@marthamaccallum  Martha, great interview with my son @EricTrump -- smart, tough &amp; professional. Thank you! @FoxNews
The virtually incompetent Republican Strategist who has had a failed career, Cheri Jacobus, is incoherent with anger that her puppets died!
.@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics Please thank Alisyn Camerota, David Chalian and John King for the very professional reporting of the new CNN Poll.
.@CNN Poll just came out, amazing numbers for those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TRUMP 36%, a 20 point lead over 2nd place. Thanks.
.@MarkHalperin I totaly won the RJC meeting yesterday. Know many members who said "not even close." Only FULL standing O. But don't want $'s
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing @Politico is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.
Why can't @Politico get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!
Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction.
As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection
I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
Heading to Manassas, Virginia, for a rally. Will have a moment of silence for the victims of the California shootings. So sad!
#TeamTrump. Police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the California shooters and are in a shootout with the others. Go police
California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
I beat Hillary in the new @FoxNews Poll head to head.  SHE HAS NO STRENGTH OR STAMINA, both of which are needed to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I WILL BE ON @foxandfriends  AT 7:30 -NOW!
Just arrived in New Hampshire. Another packed venue! Will be fun.
You would think a paper like the Washington Post would be fair and objective. For the record, almost all polls showed I won all debates.
Highly untalented Wash Post blogger, Jennifer Rubin, a real dummy, never writes fairly about me. Why does Wash Post have low IQ people?
Jamiel Shaw was incredible on @foxandfriends this morning. His son, who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant, is so proud of pop!
I want to thank all my friends in Macon for the special evening and great reception. What a crowd of incredible people!
Meeting with African American Pastors at Trump Tower was amazing. Wonderful news conference followed. Now off to Georgia for big speech!
The Republican establishment, out of self preservation, is concerned w/ my high poll #'s. More concerned are Dems—I beat Hillary heads up!
How is Chris Christie running the state of NJ, which is deeply troubled, when he is spending all of his time in NH? New Jerseyans not happy!
Wow, the MSM is really going after me. 12,000 in Sarasota, a love fest, hardly a mention. Only one negativity - they only want negatives!
When will @CNN get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also.
Great job @MariaTCardona on @ThisWeekABC. You made kooky Cokie Roberts and @BillKristol look even dumber than they are. You will be right!
After my meeting with the pastors, it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there, a beautiful movement!
Will be meeting on Monday at Trump Tower with a large group of African American Pastors. Many I know-wonderful people! Not a press event.
Just watched Cookie Roberts on @ABC. Her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. Just another sad case
.@CNN has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
I will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on Sunday morning. So much to talk about!
The Sarasota, Florida, rally today was amazing. 12,000 people chanting their love for our country. It's going to happen, this is a MOVEMENT!
.@CNN Kayleigh McEnany was great on you network today. You should have her  on more often! Thank you Kayleigh for your nice words.
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the  American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota
The reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. I don't know what he looks like and don't know him!
I will be going to Sarasota, Florida, today for a big rally with amazing people! I have one goal on mind: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The failing @nytimes should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. Yesterday 3 boring articles, today2!
I do not know the reporter for the @nytimes, or what he looks like. I was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The numbers at the @nytimes  are so dismal, especially advertising revenue, that big help will be needed fast. A once great institution-SAD!
So, since the people at the @nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade, why do people care what they write. Incompetent!
The dopes at the @nytimes bought the Boston Globe for $1.3 billion and sold it for $1.00. Their great old headquarters-gave it away! So dumb
The @nytimes is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. With unfunded liabilities-big trouble!
The failing @nytimes should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on Donald Trump!
@KarlRove just totally bombed on @Morning_Joe. @FoxNews has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser!  Fox should dump Rove.
South Carolina was so great last night. Will be back soon!
Why would @greta use @KarlRove as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. He still thinks Romney won. An establishment dope!
A wonderful evening in South Carolina - big crowd, amazing energy!
Thank you for your nice words @MikeNeedham @Heritage for the nice words on @FoxNewsSunday with Chris Wallace. #FNS #Trump2016
What is Frank VanderSloot getting for agreeing to back Marco Rubio? Last victim was Mitt Romney - see how that turned out.
Will be doing @seanhannity at 10 PM on @FoxNews.  As always with Sean, will be interesting!
Heading to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Really big crowd—so much to talk about!
Republicans must stop relying on losers like @KarlRove if they want to start winning presidential elections. Be tough and get smart!
Just left Columbus rally of 14,000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even I expected! Unbelievable evening, incredible spirit in the arena!
Heading for Ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! Much to talk about!
Going to Ohio, home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--Kasich. Can't debate, loves #ObamaCare--dummy!
.@WSJ reports that @GOP getting ready to treat me unfairly—big spending planned against me. That wasn’t the deal!
When you do your Christmas shopping remember how disloyal @Macys was to the subject of illegal immigration. #BoycottMacys #DumpMacys
Going to Columbus, Ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. The silent majority is no longer silent!
.@AP has one of the worst reporters in the business -- @JeffHorwitz wouldn’t know the truth if it hit him in the face.
.@AP continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. Always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancy—ain’t working!
.@MatthewJDowd thank you for the nice comments recently, especially on @BarbaraJWalters. My family &amp; I greatly appreciate your kind words.
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration, among many other things. She is strong on corruption - corruption is what she's best at!
We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS, and get tough now, or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy!
13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it?  WE NEED THE WALL!
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!
Big new @ABC Poll to be announced at 9:00 A.M. on This Week with @GStephanopoulos. I will be interviewed on show!
.@GStephanopoulos just announced that I am leading  BIG in the new @ABC Poll which will be shown on This Week at 9:00 A.M. I will be on show
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.
I find that @Reuters is a far more professional operation than @AP.
.ccolvinj @AP is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.
.@heytana, great job - we are all proud of you!
It's too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try &amp; be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!
Thank you John Nolte for 
wonderful analysis &amp; reporting.
Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, &amp; Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true, they're so easy to beat!
A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.
Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild.
To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire &amp; dropped out the next day. Such a waste!
We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!
People are really liking my new book, "Crippled America." Check it out!
Looking forward to watching the legendary @BarbaraJWalters interview my family (and me) tonight on @ABC at 10:00. Many things to talk about!
.@washingtonpost  @BretBaier  Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!
.@Gracematters Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes.
Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!
.@HillaryClinton is weak on illegal immigration &amp; totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #POTUS!
.@BilldeBlasio should focus on running #NYC &amp; all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, &amp; not be so focused on me!
Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., &amp; probably the worst Mayor in the history of #NYC, @BilldeBlasio, just called me a blow hard!
I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism &amp; have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America
.@mkhammer, a Fox contributor, isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border. @TheJuanWilliams made the point far better!
Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!
The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!
The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders "MASTERMINDS." Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!
A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!
Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete &amp; total dud!
John Kasich fell right into President Obama’s trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!
Doesn’t help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else  - he’s almost last.
I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easy—he came in dead last!
Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!
Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!
I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I don’t want to waste my money.
John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!
John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.
Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign &amp; debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me.
The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Don't miss it!
The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!
Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration &amp; the wall. After Paris, they’re all on the bandwagon.
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG &amp; BEAUTIFUL WALL!
I will be interviewed by  @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 on @FoxNews . Much, much, much to talk about!
Melania and I just had interview with the legendary @BarbaraJWalters. Watch #abc2020 this Friday. Tonight we talk ISIS @WNTonight
.@AP is doing very badly. I can say from experience their reporting is terrible &amp; highly inaccurate. Sadly, they are now irrelevant!
One of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great @AP. They have lost their way and are no longer credible.
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
I, along with almost everyone else, have so little confidence in President Obama. He has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat
So many great polls like Reuters - big leads everywhere. New Hampshire really special! We will win big and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just received a copy of @SarahPalinUSA new book -- a great read! Sarah is a terrific person.
Just landing in Knoxville, Tennessee! Massive crowd expected! Will all have a great time, despite serious subject matter.
Will be landing in Knoxville, Tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. It's all very simple, we want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Republicans must stop listening to dopes like @KarlRove who still insists Mitt Romney won the last election. Think big &amp; think strong!
Wow, @Macys shares are down more than 40% this year. I never knew my ties &amp; shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
Remember, I was the one who said attack the oil (ISIS source of wealth) a long time ago. Everyone scoffed, now they're attacking the oil.
Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!
President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!
.@JohnLegere  @TMobile  John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.
Glad to see that @RondaRousey lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at @VanityFair Magazine. He is a total loser!
.@VanityFair Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of it's former allure!
We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!
When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He  can't say it, and unless he will,  the problem will not be solved!
I think everyone will like my new and very successful book, Crippled America. Go get it and let me know what you think!
Wow, Bernie Sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10% (it is actually over 20%) and for  African American youth - 51%.
Hillary and Sanders are not doing well, but what is the failed former Mayor of Baltimore doing on that stage? O'Malley is a clown.
Why won't President Obama use the term Islamic Terrorism? Isn't it now, after all of this time and so much death, about time!
We need much tougher, much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!
President Obama said "ISIL continues to shrink" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
Boy is this guy @ShepNewsTeam tough on me. So totally biased. As a reporter, he should be ashamed of himself! #Trump2016
They laughed at me when I said to bomb the ISIS controlled oil fields. Now they are not laughing and doing what I said. #Trump2016
Thank you @JakeTapper for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. Should have been done long ago. #Trump2016
.@seanhannity  Carly, whose campaign is dead, is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! Sad.
.@CarlyFiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning Ben Carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
.@CarlyFiorina I only said I was on @60Minutes four weeks ago with Putin—never said I was in Green Room. Separate pieces—great ratings!
.@CarlyFiorina  Ben Carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper &amp; pathological disease. I didn’t say it, he did. Apology?
.@CarlyFiorina Carly—I did graduate from Wharton and did very well. Who is your fact checker? Will you apologize?
.@CarlyFiorina Carly, not just you, I also told Gov. Kasich to “let Jeb talk, give him a chance” because Kasich was constantly cutting in.
First candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I will be on @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett at 7PM. Tune in!
#Trump2016
I will be on with @BretBaier tonight at 6PM. #Trump2016
From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place!
Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said  he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.
Why does the failing @WSJ write a false editorial about me and let dummy @KarlRove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
.@KarlRove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%
We, as a country, either have borders or we don't. IF WE DON'T HAVE BORDERS, WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY!
Why wouldn't the @WSJ call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!
When and how are the dummies at the @WSJ going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want "smart" trade deals.
The @WSJ Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate.
.@WSJ Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later.
Today's @WSJ Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.
I will be interviewed on @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness at 7:30
All seven on-line polls, including Drudge and Time, with thousands of respondents, said I won the debate. @krauthammer said I was "so, so."
Will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM.
I will be on @marklevinshow at 8PM tonight. Tune in!
.@gerardtbaker Gerard—wonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. I told many, “really smart and elegant.”
I never said that China was in the bad TPP trade deal but that China would come in the back door at a later date. @CNN @FoxBusiness
Just returned home from the great state of New Hampshire. Have made so many friends there--special place!
Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served, thank you for your special work.
Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening, moderators did an outstanding job.
Will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire - 7:00 A.M. Talking about the debate and more!
I will be on @Morning_Joe live from New Hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Go out and buy CRIPPLED AMERICA: How to Make America Great Again. Doing really well. Great Thanksgiving or Christmas present!
I will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. There is much to talk about!
Marco Rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration &amp; in favor of easy amnesty. A lightweight choker - bad for #USA!
Marco Rubio couldn't even respond properly to President Obama's State of the Union Speech without pouring sweat &amp; chugging water. He choked!
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldn’t hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
Great job on @Greta @DonaldJTrumpJr. Nobody could have done it better!
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!
.@EricShawnonFox Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary &amp; Miley Cyrus. Nice words
Television ratings for @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both @meetthepress by @chucktodd and @CBSNews Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!
I will be interviewed by  @GStephanopoulos on @ABC   at 10:00 A.M.
.@CNN  Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy.
.@nbcsnl - So much fun last night!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M.
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!
I am at the Saturday Night Live Studio - electricity all over the place. We will be doing a "tweeting" skit, so stay tuned!
They are saying that tickets to tonight's Saturday Night Live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! Off to a good start!
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy
.@RobertGBeckel Please thank your brother for his nice words on television. Seems like a great guy and character! @CNN
One of the dumbest political pundits on television is Chris Stirewalt of @FoxNews. Wrong facts - check Fox debate rankings, Trump #1. Dope!
Would be nice if @jmartNYT learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. Probably done on purpose, but not good reporting!
@BillKristol has become a sad case. His magazine is failing badly, probably doesn't have long to go, and his predictions are always wrong!
So sad that Obama rejected Keystone Pipeline. Thousands of jobs, good for the environment, no downside!
Happy Birthday to the great @BillyGraham. He's done so many wonderful things, not the least of which is his fantastic family. I love Billy!
.@AJDelgado13 Thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts.
I think it would be a good idea—and fair—to include @GovChristie &amp; @MikeHuckabeeGOP in the debate. Both solid &amp; good guys. @FoxBusiness
Carson now admits his friend named "Bob," who he tried to stab (Bob was saved by his belt buckle!), no longer exists as Bob. Wrong name!
With Ben Carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer, stab a friend and Pyramids built for grain storage - don't people get it?
Such bad reporting: A puff piece on Ben Carson in the @nytimes states that Carson "is trying to solidify his lead." But I am #1, easily! Sad
Florida Ethics Commission Advocate comes down hard on Rubio. So do two people who worked with him. Said he used the wrong credit card! Sure.
A great honor to easily finish FIRST in the @FoxNews poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
The Carson story is either a total fabrication or, if true, even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!
.@seanhannity should have corrected Jeb Bush when he said that I "ran for president twice." Never ran, merely considered running!
Jeb Bush just said about Marco Rubio, "he's my friend!" Pure political speak. Why can't he be truthful and say "disloyal guy, no friend!"
Also, tune in to the @TodayShow at 7:00am. I will be on to discuss the campaign, my new ads and #CrippledAmerica.
I will unveil my first campaign ads on @Morning_Joe at 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wow! @FoxNews poll just came out. #1 with 26%! Almost as importantly, I am the strongest on economic issues by far! #Trump2016
Just landed in New Hampshire - a very exciting morning planned!
Isn't it terrible that @megynkelly used a poll not used before (I.B.D.) when I was down, but refuses to use it now when I am up?
I will be on @SeanHannity tonight at 10pmE talking about my new book #CrippledAmerica and much more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
.@CharlesGKoch is looking for a new puppet after Governor Walker and Jeb Bush cratered. He now likes Rubio--next fail.
Join me today, Nov 3rd, in #TrumpTowerNYC at noon. I'll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
I will be interviewed on @GMA at 7:00 A.M. and @foxandfriends at 7:50. Talking about my new book, out today, Crippled America.
Join me tomorrow, Nov. 3rd, at 12pm in #TrumpTowerNY. I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Don’t miss it!
.@CharlesMBlow  Why don’t you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. Dishonest reporting!
Thank you Carl Higbie (former Navy Seal) for you support of my plan to straighten out the Veterans Administration-a mess!Great job @kilmeade
.@Morning_Joe: Marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. I won every on-line poll, even crazy @CNBC. Marco good looking?
Sirius National News at 7:30 A.M. Steve Bannon. @BreitbartNews
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.
Thank you @JoeTrippi for the nice, and true, words on #Media Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12. @FoxNews
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear:  That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP.
Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12 PM in #TrumpTower in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Don't miss it!
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!
Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration, strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a "lightweight".
I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!
Jeb's new slogan - "Jeb can fix it". I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message, the word "fix" is not a good one to use in politics!
Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer's, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs can't win
Gov. John Kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. I thought he would have been far more talented. He is just wasting time &amp; money!
.@thehill  John Oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. I said "NO THANKS" Waste of time &amp; energy!
Few people know that  @FortuneMagazine is still in business. Tell your writer  Alisa Soloman that I left The Apprentice to run for president
No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question!
Thank you James Freeman of the @WSJ for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!
Support Coach Kennedy and his right, together with his young players, to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!
.@ColinCowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show, @TheHerd, on Monday (2:30pm EST).
The @WSJ Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya'
I told you so-@politico just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit, they would be doing far better!
I am leaving for Norfolk, Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!
I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac, which are total scams. Marco must address him as "SIR"!
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1.
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS, CHINA, RUSSIA etc.
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak!
When candidate John Kasich, on the @oreillyfactor, talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid, he was referring to Ben Carson.
.@GovMikeHuckabee Great job on @FoxNews tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!
Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.
Thank you @rushlimbaugh for your wonderful words. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter, @IvankaTrump.
Thank you @Morning_Joe for explaining to @CNN and @andersoncooper and so many others that I am leading in almost all national &amp; state polls.
Thank you @CharlesHurt for  the nice words on @seanhannity. I will win and Make America Great Again!
Loved doing the debate last night on @CNBC. Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!
Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing  @politico. How much longer  will they be around? Some very untalented reporters.
My interview on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week.
Join me Tuesday, Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC.  I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Don’t miss it!
.@SpeakerRyan Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!
Failing host @glennbeck, a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!
Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada.
Thank you @morningmika and @JoeNBC  for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!
The money losing @politico is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!
Thanks, @PiersMorgan. You're great!
Thanks everyone, they all said  I won the debate. Even won the @CNBC Poll!
@CNBC  POLL  TOTAL: TRUMP 25.22  CARSON 19.78  RUBIO 9.67....
.@TheEconomist Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!
Does anybody think that @CNBC will get their fictitious  polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!
.@Morning_Joe can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa. @politico is a scam!
.@CNBC continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just can't say it!
After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!
I am leaving for Sioux City, Iowa - great event (rally).
New Gravis national poll just out --- 36%! Very nice! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Dopey @BillKristol, who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and  picks, said last week on @Morning_Joe that Biden was in.
All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PAC’s. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
Re Super PAC scam:  What the other candidates are doing is a disgrace.
This whole Super PAC scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all PAC's &amp; is self-funding.
Ben Carson wants to abolish Medicare - I want to save it and Social Security.
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Will be doing the @TODAYshow there, live at 7:00 A.M. New @CBSNews Poll of New Hampshire: Trump 38 Carson 12!
Remember that Carson, Bush and Rubio are VERY weak on illegal immigration. They will do NOTHING to stop it. Our country will be overrun!
Do you think I will get credit for keeping Ford in U.S. Who cares, my supporters know the truth. Think what can be done as president!
Word is that Ford Motor, because of my constant badgering at packed events, is going to cancel their deal to go to Mexico and stay in U.S.
.@ByronYork  Great numbers from @CBSNews Poll. Also from ABC-Washington Post Poll. Thank you!  @CNN
Do you believe that @FoxNews is still playing up the old Iowa poll numbers and no mention of the ABCWashington Post or just out CBS results?
.@CBSNews Poll - WOW!  New Hampshire  TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8%  South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%
Watch my interview on @CBSNews Face The Nation now and, also, the new CBS POLLS which, if good for me, the media won't report!
Big poll comes out today on Face The Nation at 10:30 on @CBSNews.
Watch @CNN at 9:00 A.M. @jaketapper. Then interviewed on @ABC @GStephanopoulos at 10:00 A.M. and then, at 10:30 A.M., watch Face The Nation.
Ben Carson has never created a job in his life (well, maybe a nurse). I have created tens of thousands of jobs, it's what I do.
I spell out some of the differences between Ben Carson and myself at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN @jaketapper. Ben is very weak on illegal immigration.
A big POLL will be announced this morning on @CBSNews  Face The Nation. I wonder if I do well if the press will report the results? Doubt it
This is just not the right time for Jeb Bush. His campaign is in total disarray, too much staff being paid way too much money = U.S. GOVT.
I will be doing a major sit down interview on State of the Union With Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. on @CNN. Enjoy!
While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?
.@JebBush is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?
.@JebBush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign &amp; not enough talking about America's future.
Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpToday
I will be doing the @TodayShow live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday
Will be doing a sit down interview with  @JakeTapper @CNN on Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!
Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you!
Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.
Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crowd was amazing tonight at Trump National Doral in Miami. Love and excitement in the ballroom. Tomorrow at noon in Jacksonville!
The young intern who accidentally did a Retweet apologizes.
I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him &amp; his family. Personally, I would rather run against Hillary because her record is so bad.
New poll by ABC News/Washington Post  TRUMP 32  CARSON 22  RUBIO 10  BUSH 7  Wow, how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America at 7:00 A.M. @ABC will be announcing new poll numbers. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out: Boston Herald/Franklin Pierce Poll  N.H.  TRUMP 28 (up 10)  CARSON 16  BUSH 9  RUBIO 6  CRUZ 5  Press will say they are surging!
.@GMA at 7:00 A.M.
.@MonicaCrowley you were GREAT on @seanhannity tonight. Thank you for the nice words!
I will be interviewed on @GMA Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!
.@seanhannity at 10:00.
.@KarlRove  Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!
Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!
I will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM @FoxNews. #Hannity
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again.Jeb is too soft-we need tougher &amp; sharper
It's really cold outside, they are calling it a major freeze, weeks ahead of normal. Man, we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way @megynkelly and her puppets unfairly treat "us" is don't watch her show!
Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on @FoxNews  at 6:00 P.M.
Just reported by CNN that "the Trump halo effect"  caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!
It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!
Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Big statement made by Chris!
I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn @pennjillette hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!
Does everyone remember   @MittRomney and his famous remarks about "self-deportation" and "47%". He was done. I don't need his angry advice!
.@MittRomney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
.@MittRomney  can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible "choke" loss to Obama!
.@FoxNewsSunday
Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?
This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.
Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!
On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location)  on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!
Good news for those that want to Make America Great Again - I am winning every poll in every STATE and NATIONAL - and by big numbers! Thanks
I will be interviewed on Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 9:00 A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on location). Will be tough but good!
.@HillaryClinton is on the front page of the @nytimes waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5,000 people – no pic!
.@KatrinaPierson, you did a fantastic job tonight on @FoxNews. Thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!
.@JebBush, like it or not, our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
No @JebBush, you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the World Trade Center was attacked and came down.
.@JebBush,
At the debate you said your brother kept us safe- I wanted to be nice &amp; did not mention the WTC came down during his watch, 9/11.
In Massachusetts --- the place is packed! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Rumor has it that the grubby head of failing @VanityFair Magazine, "Sloppy" Graydon Carter, is going to be fired or replaced very soon?
.@scottienhughes  Keep up the great work Scottie. Polls are best ever!
.@EricTrump was FANTASTIC on @foxandfriends this morning. He may be my son but he is a special guy!
.@CNBC has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all, especially the millions of people who will be watching!
Every poll, Time, Drudge, Slate and others, said I won both debates - but heard Megyn Kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. I don't watch
.@marcthiessen is a failed Bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. A third rate talent!
Megyn Kelly has two really dumb puppets, Chris Stirewalt &amp; Marc Threaten (a Bushy) who do exactly what she says. All polls say I won debates
Will be on @bloombergtv tomorrow with @sruhle. Enjoy!
Why is the @GOP being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate?
.@CNBC is pushing the @GOP around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials.
The @GOP should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that @CNBC is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party.
.@KevinHart4real joined @woodmank104 @katek104 @K1047 &amp; was asked about his thoughts on @realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 Thanks Kevin--so nice!
Just did @OReillyFactor. Will be back on at 11pm on @FoxNews.
.@andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the #DemDebate last night. Tough, firm, but fair.
Steven Tyler got more publicity on his song request than he’s gotten in ten years. Good for him!
Even though I have the legal right to use Steven Tyler’s song, he asked me not to. Have better one to take its place!
Will be going to Richmond, Virginia today. Big crowd! See you there.
The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the “B” team. She won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
#DemDebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers.
Like her or not, Hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it. Her opponents were very gentle and soft!
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now!
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question!
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
Good move by Bernie S.
The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote, e-mails etc.
All are very scripted and rehearsed, two (at least) should not be on the stage.
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate
O'Malley, as former Mayor of Baltimore, has very little chance.
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way.
The trade deal is a disaster, she was always for it! #DemDebate
Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.   #DemDebate
We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it, both the good and the bad. Enjoy!
Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at《1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows, maybe a star will be born (unlikely)
How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China, Russia + Iran if he gets caught doing a “plant” during my speech yesterday in NH?
Everybody's talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. @realDonaldTrump #DemDebate
The arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at No Labels yesterday was a Jeb staffer! HOW CAN HE BEAT RUSSIA &amp; CHINA?
Sheldon Adelson is looking to give big dollars to Rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. I agree!
Someone should inform @CNN that, despite spending millions of $'s on graphics, it is not the Democratic Debate, rather the Democrat (s) D!
At the request of many, and even though I expect it to be a very boring two hours, I will be covering the Democrat Debate live on twitter!
Will be interviewed by @SeanHannity on @foxnews at 10PM tonight. Enjoy!
Leaving soon after a great time in New Hampshire, a truly special place!
Great, everyone is saying I did much better on @60Minutes  last week than President Obama did tonight. I agree!
President Obama was terrible on @60Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing, not all of the current disasters!
I will be on Face The Nation (CBS) today at 10:30 A.M. and Media Buzz (Fox News) at 11:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Just got back from Georgia. The crowds and love for U.S. was so amazing! We all had a great day together - will be back soon!
Little Barry Diller, who lost a fortune on Newsweek and Daily Beast, only writes badly about me. He is a sad and pathetic figure. Lives lie!
With the fantastic ratings last weekend, @meetthepress &amp; @ThisWeekABC, I think it’s only fair that I go on @FoxNewsSunday w/ Chris Wallace.
Will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation with @JDickerson tomorrow at 10:30am EST. Enjoy!
My interview with @HowardKurtz on #MediaBuzz will air tomorrow on @Fox at 11am and 5pm. Great job Howie, very insightful.
.@ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last Sunday --- Trump interview. Nice!
.@ChuckTodd just informed us that my interview last week on @MeetthePress was their highest rated show in 4 years. Congrats!
I'm leading big in every poll and we are going to WIN! Remember, Trump NEVER gives up!
Paul Ryan is far from my first choice, but a very nice guy. The Republicans should go for tough and (very) smart this time - no games!
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!
Will be interviewed on "Media Buzz" with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M.
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch @FaceTheNation on CBS &amp; @HowardKurtz #mediabuzz -- both on Sunday.
I will be interviewed on @FacetheNation Sunday 10AM on CBS. @johndickerson is a true pro!
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!
I was so happy when I heard that @Politico, one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!
.@EWErickson ran @RedState into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to @RedState and good luck in the future!
.@EWErickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no “it” factor. Will fade fast.
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  It's not going to happen with anyone else.
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very  important job!
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!
Wow, great news! I hear @EWErickson of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!
I hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers &amp; ratings are way down &amp; he has become irrelevant—glad I didn’t do his show.
Wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!
Just arrived in Las Vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. Big poll results today, Leading big everywhere. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Iowa was amazing today. Great crowd, great people. Thanks, will be back soon!
.@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping Romney to get destroyed by Obama. Should have won!
Just found out I won the Rockingham County Republican Booth Straw Poll at the Deerfield Fair in New Hampshire this past weekend. 39% ---Wow!
.@politico has no power,  but so dishonest!
I wonder why somebody doesn't do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting.
Heading to a packed house in Waterloo, Iowa! Will celebrate today's great poll numbers together. See you soon!
If Stuart Stevens' book is as bad as his horrible political advice to Mitt Romney, don't waste your money. Arrogant guy but a zero!
Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman, and was not criticizing the victims. Not fair!
Crooked @club4growth has given up advertising in Iowa on me—remember they wanted my million dollars—I said no—total frauds!
.@WayneNewtonMrLV  Wayne, such a pleasant surprise--so nice. Thank you very much.
Don't ever forget, we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So, so, so important - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Political strategist Stuart Stevens,who led Romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victory,has terrible political instincts!
Thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of South Carolina.
The incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. TPP is a terrible deal.
For all of my fantastic  supporters, and for the U.S.A., we are going to win and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe greater than ever before!
I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking, would you ever get out? They are just troublemakers, I'm going to win!
Will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 A.M.
Will be interviewed by @GStephanopoulos on @ABC    at 10:00 A.M.
The people of Tennessee yesterday were amazing. Thank you!
Tune in to see me on @ThisWeekABC with @GStephanopoulos at 10am ET. Enjoy!
I will be on @MeetThePress with @ChuckTodd tomorrow morning at 10:30am ET on @NBC. Enjoy!
Rubio was very disloyal to Bush, his mentor, when he decided to run against him. Both said they "love" each other.They don't - word is hate!
Bush and Rubio are finally attacking each other, as I knew they would, in order to be the last "establishment" man standing against me.Great
Thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!
Congratulations to my brother Robert &amp; Ann Marie on the success of @MontesKitchen in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!
My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg, Oregon, shootings.
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. Many things, mostly bad, to talk about!
.@MittRomney is trying to hit back at me because I'm saying that he let the Repub Party down w/ his loss to Obama. Should've won—he choked!
Just got back from New Hampshire. Great crowd, great people! Will be back soon!
I will be interviewed by @donlemon tonight on @CNN at 10PM.
Rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. A lightweight senator with the worst voting record in Senate. Lazy!
Just read that "Trump" has the largest (and I add most enthusiastic) crowds. Tonight I will be in New Hampshire - the place will be packed!
I watched lightweight Senator  Marco Rubio, who is all talk and no action, defend his WEAK position on illegal immigration. Pathetic!
Carl Icahn said this about me:  "I think at this moment in time, he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems."
I hope when Rand Paul gets out of the race—he is at 1%--his supporters come over to me. I will do a much better job for them.
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
Wow, the ratings for @60Minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice!
Will be doing @OutFrontCNN with @ErinBurnett tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics.
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at @TrumpTowerNY.
Hope we all enjoy  @60Minutes tomorrow night. I do believe they will treat me fairly!
Marco Rubio is a member of the Gang Of Eight or, very weak on stopping illegal immigration. Only changed when poll numbers crashed.
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is VERY weak on immigration, knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals!
Just left Oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! What a night!
I will be on @cbs @60minutes this Sunday. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
.....Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! @marcorubio
.@MarcoRubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country.....
Dishonest @politico just called to say that none of the polls including Fox, NBC, CNN, Zogby, &amp; Morning Consult matter. Serious haters.
I am now inspecting the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue - will be a great hotel. Soon off to the Oklahoma State Fair!
.....Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office...
.@megynkelly, the @FoxNews   poll said very plainly I came in second in the debate. All others, Time, Drudge, Slate etc. said I came in 1st.
Just watched @marcorubio on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesn't have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen.
The failing @politico news outlet, which I hear is losing lots of money, is really dishonest!
.@politico, which is not read or respected by many, may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something.
Despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts, the people are speaking loudly and clearly. Thank you to my amazing supporters!
So happy about my daughter @IvankaTrump’s announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!
Will be on @Morning_Joe at 6:30 A.M.
Will be on @CNN at 7:00 A.M.
.@FoxNews owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit @RichLowry to use such foul language on TV. Unheard of!
Incompetent @RichLowry lost it tonight on @FoxNews. He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!
.@FoxNews has been treating me very unfairly &amp; I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
Headline reads" Rubio passes Bush in Florida poll" -- Unfair, because Trump destroys them both! Trump 31.5%, Rubio 19.2%, Bush 11.3%
.@JuliInkster  Congratulations on your great win--what a captain, what a champion!
I will be the featured guest on the season opener of  @60Minutes this Sunday. There certainly is plenty to talk about!
Just remember, the birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
I think @megynkelly should take another eleven day "unscheduled" vacation.
Do you ever notice that lightweight @megynkelly constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally  sexist. She is highly overrated!
Senator Marco "amnesty" Rubio, who has worst voting record in Senate, just hit me on national security-but I said don't go into Iraq. VISION
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur
2016 Republican Primary Morning Consult Poll was just released. TRUMP 32, CARSON 12, BUSH 11, FIORINA 6, RUBIO 5, CRUZ 5. Taken after debate
.@RichLowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking  heads - he doesn't have a clue!
I am having a really hard time watching @FoxNews.
.@oreillyfactor, why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!
.@oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC. @FoxNews not good for me!
I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by @greta #OnTheRecord
I got to know @ScottWalker well—he’s a very nice person and has a great future.
#AskTrump Send me your questions to answer live from @TwitterNYC later this afternoon.
The @TODAYshow refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used @CNN numbers where my lead is smaller.
Will be on @foxandfriends  now. Enjoy!
Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP, virtually destroying both companies, that she never got another CEO job offer! Pres.
We are going to WIN and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, maybe better than ever before!
I am attracting the biggest crowds, by far, and the best poll numbers, also by far.   Much of the media is totally dishonest. So sad!
I have been leading big in all  polls, with two more today, @nbc and @CNN. The NBC poll is more than double next,  at 29%. Fiorina has 11%.
There is no way that Carly  Fiorina can become the Republican Nominee or win against the Dems. Boxer killed her for Senate in California!
I will be on @meetthepress at 10:30. @nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers. Based on the debate results, I should do well-who knows?
On my way to Iowa. Will be landing in Des Moines in two hours. See ya!
Christians need support in our country (and around the world), their religious liberty is at stake! Obama has been horrible, I will be great
If I would have challenged the man, the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!
If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president, do you really think he would come to my rescue? No chance!
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
Am I morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
GIVE AMERICA BACK ITS DREAM!  
  -- Donald J. Trump
Would be really bad if columnist Mike Lupica left the @NYDailyNews.  A wonderful and talented guy!
Will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews at 10 PM. Enjoy!
Going to New Hampshire in a little while. Big crowds! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Every poll done on debate last night, from Drudge to Newsmax to Time Magazine, had me winning in a landslide. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Just announced that in the history of @CNN, last night’s debate was its highest rated ever. Will they send me flowers &amp; a thank you note?
Thank you to Tom Brady, Coach Ditka, Coach Bobby Knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
Will be heading over to the debate soon. Can you believe @CNN is "milking" it for almost 3 hours? Too long, too many people on stage!
I hope Arnold S. does well with the Apprentice because he is a nice guy and also, because I get a big percentage of the profits!
Just finished the wonderful event on the U.S.S. Iowa. VETERANS FOR A STRONG AMERICA endorsed me. Such a great honor, thank you!
.@rushlimbaugh Rush, I am in LA inspecting property (big job creator) &amp; listening to you. You are truly fantastic--thanks!
The polls are really looking good—#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist &amp; special interest $ being spent against me. I’m turning down millions.
Everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in Dallas last night. Spectacular crowd &amp; arena! Thank you @mcuban.
.@club4growth asked me for $1 million. I said no. Now falsely advertising that I will raise taxes. I’ll lower big league for middle class.
My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony @club4growth says I will raise taxes—just another lie.
Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1,000,000 - I said "NO". Now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!
Am now in L.A. Will be going to the U.S.S. IOWA at 5:30 P.M. to speak to our great VETERANS and other friends!
Our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. Enough! Join me &amp; @V4SA on @USSIOWA at LA Waterfront to hear my plan for vets &amp; the military!
Loved Dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. Will be back!
Speech in Dallas went really well. Big and wonderful crowd. Just arrived in L.A. Big day tomorrow!
My opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. They will fail! Money down the drain!
To all my fans, sorry I couldn’t do The Apprentice any longer—but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!
Congrats to my friend @Schwarzenegger who is doing next season’s  Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great &amp; will raise lots of $ for charity.
Why is someone like George Pataki, who did a terrible job as Governor of N.Y. and registers ZERO in the polls, allowed on the debate stage?
I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.
Too many people on stage for debate. @RandPaul at 11th, with 2% in @RealClearNews, shouldn't be allowed to participate.
I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, @RandPaul, didn't get the right gene.
Lightweight Senator @RandPaul should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.
.@mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00. Enjoy!
The Tonight Show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 P.M.  ENJOY!
.@GovernorPerry is a terrific guy and I wish him well- I know he will have a great future!
On @FallonTonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 PM. Enjoy!
.@robertjeffress I greatly appreciate your kind words last night on @FoxNews. Have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you.
Just purchased NBC’s half of The Miss Universe Organization and settled all lawsuits against them. Now own 100% -- stay tuned!
Let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
Oh wow, lightweight Governor @BobbyJindal, who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls, just mocked my hair. So original!
Also, tomorrow night I will be going to Boone and Ames. Really look forward to seeing all of my friends in Iowa.
Very good news—the new Quinnipiac poll just came out—I am #1 in Iowa.
I will be on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon tonight at 11:30. Should be fun! @jimmyfallon
.... I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I’ve been proven right.
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him….
I'll be on @greta ON THE RECORD tonight at 7 PM
Wow, I am ahead of the field with Evangelicals (am so proud of this) and virtually every other group, and Ben Carson just took a swipe at me
I had a great day in D.C. even though the subject was an unpleasant one, the horrible Iran Nuke deal. Amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
Man did JEB throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbertlateshow . Probably true, but not nice!
See you in D.C. tomorrow at 1:00 P.M. at the Capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with Iran. Really sad!
Will be on Bill O'Reilly @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. Enjoy!
I'm on Bill @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 PM. It will be another lively interview about how to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Jeb’s policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. Right after he left he went to work for Lehman Brothers—wow!
The lobbyists &amp; special interests have just put out an ad for Jeb which hits me "just a little" but is very false!
I’m self funding my campaign but lobbyists &amp; special interests for Jeb &amp; others are starting to do big ads—desperate! Don’t believe them.
Thank you @IngrahamAngle for your strength &amp; wonderful words last night on @FoxNews, but @KarlRove is easy to beat!
Tomorrow in DC: 1 PM West Front Lawn of the Capitol. Not even believable that we would do this deal with Iran.
Look forward to being in DC tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with Iran.
Looking forward to being with @SenTedCruz at our big rally in D.C. on Wednesday (1:00 P.M. at the Capitol) to protest insane Iran nuke deal!
Both Washington D.C. and DALLAS are turning out to be really big events. D.C. is protest of incompetent Iran deal and Dallas is big speech!
Remember, I'll see you in D.C. at the Capitol Building on Wednesday at 1:00 o'clock. Then Dallas on Sept.14 at 6:00 P.M. American Air Center
Thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @FoxNews. I am with the Evangelicals and Tea Party big time. We will all WIN  together!
.@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.
The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!
The hedge fund guys (gals) have to pay higher taxes ASAP. They are paying practically nothing. We must reduce taxes for the middle class!
By self-funding my campaign, I am not controlled by my donors, special interests or lobbyists. I am only working for the people of the U.S.!
Remember that I am self-funding my campaign. Hillary, Jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100% CONTROLLED
Hillary said such nasty things about me, read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion, no truth. Just can't read speeches!
Hillary Clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter I have ever seen. In fact, it wasn't even see through glass, it was black
Saudi Arabia was "vehemently" against the Iran nuclear deal. Then today they embraced it. What happened? What did we give them to endorse?
Just announced that because of "Trump", advertising rates for debate on @CNN are going from $5000 to $200,000, a 4000% increase.PAY CHARITY?
Why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like Hugh Hewitt be doing the next debate on @CNN. He is just a 3rd rate "gotcha" guy!
Very low ratings radio host Hugh Hewitt asked me about Suleiman, Abu Bake al-Baghdad, Hassan Nasrallah and more - typical "gotcha" questions
The Dallas event in two weeks, at the American Airlines Center, is filling up fast. Get your tickets fast,  before it is too late!
.@MeghanMcCain was terrible on @TheFive yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. @FoxNews can do so much better!
Will be on @Morning_Joe in 5 minutes - at 7:00. Enjoy!
Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
.@brithume, I am in first place by a lot in all polls, tied for first place with Ben Carson in one Iowa poll. I thought you knew this-thanks
.@kevinolearytv Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You tell it like it is! Also, thx for the nice mention. Your book sounds great!
Will be interviewed on @GMA this morning at 7:00. Thanks for the GREAT poll results!
When I intelligently turned down The Club For Growth crazy request for $1,000,000, they got nasty.What a waste of money that would have been
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!
Every Poll has me winning BIG.If you listen to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on @oreillyfactor, you would think I'm doing poorly. @FoxNews
Why does @oreillyfactor and @FoxNews always have Karl Rove on. He spent $430 million and lost ALL races. A dope who said Romney won election
I’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so, but hope it is appreciated by the voters.
Many Super Pacs, funded by groups that want total control over their candidate, are being formed to “attack” Trump. Remember when u see them
Congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on Twitter--and heading up fast!
While millions are being spent against me in attack ads, they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates. I am self funding.
Jeb is spending millions of dollars on “hit” ads funded by lobbyists &amp; special interests. Bad system.
Yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. Will Jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
The just released Public Policy Polling (PPP - national result) is the best yet. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Just out - new PPP NATIONAL POLL has me in first place by a wide margin at 29%. I wonder why only @FoxNews has not reported this? Too bad!
150 Clinton E-mails still contain classified information. More sensitive when she was Sec.of State. This is a very big deal.
President Obama wants to change the name of Mt. McKinley to Denali after more than 100 years. Great insult to Ohio. I will change back!
For those that don’t think a wall (fence) works, why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the White House? Foolish people!
Huma Abedin, the top aide to Hillary Clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag Anthony Wiener, was a major security risk as a collector of info
Leading in the Bloomberg Iowa poll. Also, my favorability numbers went up at a record, almost unheard of, clip. Thank you Iowa!
Loved being with my many friends in Tennessee. The crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. I won the straw poll big!
Wow, Jeb Bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit!
Leaving now for Tennessee. Big crowd!
Great rally last night in Massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! Unbelievable spirit to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
Will be interviewed by @SarahPalinUSA tonight at 10:00 on OAN Network. Enjoy!
Great job tonight on @FoxNews Tony. I am with you all the way! Make America Great Again  @tperkins
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about!
Who wants the endorsement of a guy (@EricCantor) who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of Congress?
.@BenFergusonShow just watched you on @CNN. Thank you for your nice comments.
Great job on @CNN tonight @heytana. We are all proud of you! Also, congrats on a great son - he is going places.
.@KatrinaCampins You were absolutely great on @CNN! Thank you.
.@DennisDMZ Thanks for the nice words. You are fantastic!
Will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!
Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!
Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!
Thank you @BillKristol. I am going to Make America Great Again!
Congrats @LindseyGrahamSC. You just got 4 points in your home state of SC—far better than zero nationally. You’re only 26 pts behind me.
.@GovernorPataki did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls
Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a "fence." It's not a fence, Jeb, it's a WALL, and there's a BIG difference!
Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!
In a clumsy move to get out of his "anchor babies" dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS
Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!
I liked The Kelly File much better without @megynkelly. Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
.@megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.
New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%, highest number yet.The silent majority is back and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember "read my lips, no more taxes"). GREATNESS!
Jeb Bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. Jeb just can't get it right!
Jeb Bush is weak on illegal immigration, in favor of common core, bad on women's health issues and thinks the Iraq war was a good thing.
Now that I started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border, most other candidates are finally  speaking up. Just politicians!
It has just been confirmed by  the City of Mobile, Alabama, that there were 30,000 people at last nights event, making it  #1for pol season.
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
Thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive  story on my speech in Alabama last night. It was a great evening!
I had 15,000 people in Phoenix but @politico said "the rooms capacity is just over 2000." But said Bernie  Sanders had 11,000 in same room.
.@politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source, and that is saying something. They go out of their way to distort truth!
Alabama was great last night, amazing people. 30,000 folks  was largest crowd of political season. Nice!
.@jessebwatters, You did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. Everybody loved it! Thank you for the nice words.
Dow dives more than 500 points - down 9% from high. Be careful!
Leaving for Mobile, Alabama, right now - can't be late!
Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion, but we must treat each other with respect. I would never condone violence.
How crazy - 7.5% of all births in U.S. are to illegal immigrants, over 300,000 babies per year. This must stop. Unaffordable and not right!
Jeb Bush signed memo saying not to use the term "anchor babies," offensive. Now he wants to use it because I use it. Stay true to yourself!
Alabama will shine tomorrow. It will be a big and glorious day!
We are going to make our country so strong again, so great again. No more ripping off the United States. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@TomLlamasABC cannot report the news truthfully. Why not apologize for your fraudulent story on World News Tonight.Gang members &amp; criminals
@ABCPolitics must apologize. My statement "we're going to get them out so fast, so quick" applied to hard core criminals &amp; gang members. LIE
Just got back from New Hampshire. Amazing people, we all had a great time together!
Will be in New Hampshire and then on @CNN Special at 9 PM tonight.
.@MarkSteynOnline - Thank you and great job on @seanhannity tonight!
I am looking forward to being in New Hampshire tomorrow. The silent majority is taking our country back. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone XL pipeline.  No impact on environment &amp; lots of jobs for U.S.
.@jasondhorowitz  I am very proud of my sister, your story was terrific. Thank you so much.
When foreigners attend our great colleges &amp; want to stay in the U.S., they should not be thrown out of our country.
I want talented people to come into this country—to work hard and to become citizens. Silicon Valley needs engineers, etc.
Listening to @rushlimbaugh on way back to Jury Duty. Fantastic show, terrific guy!
Why does @FoxNews keep George Will as a talking head? Wrong on so many subjects!
I really enjoyed being at the Iowa State Fair. The crowds, love and enthusiasm is something I will never forget.
.@NicolleDWallace  Your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore, you must be good!
Just got back from the Iowa State Fair. Record crowds, phenomenal people. Thank you IOWA, I will never let you down!
In the plane heading to Iowa State Fair. Will be great fun. Hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids.
Making speech tonight in New Hampshire - leaving now. Fantastic people, fantastic crowd!
.@AP and @HuffingtonPost should change their fraudulent story to say THAT I DROPPED @NBC &amp; The Apprentice to run for President!
People don’t understand that I left The Apprentice to run for Pres—the Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt &amp; folks @NBC were GREAT!
The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction &amp; make Iran a force like never before.
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and, more importantly, hope you agree!
.@SenTedCruz had a very good debate, far better than Rand Paul.
.@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. Better luck tomorrow!
Why is @RandPaul allowed to take advantage of the people of Kentucky by running for Senator and Pres. Why should Kentucky be back up plan?
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
Again, illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal  bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. Get them out and build a WALL!
.@KatrinaCampins Thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on TV. Also, keep up the great work!
.@BrandenRoderick I was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.I'm not surprised, you're a special person
.@OMAROSA You were fantastic on television this weekend. Thank you so much – you are a loyal friend!
Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy &amp; assures me that “Trump” will be treated fairly on @FoxNews. His word is always good!
.@KathieLGifford, Melania  and I send our deepest condolences. Frank was a special and amazing person. He will be missed by all!
I will be interviewed on @TODAY Show at 7:00 A.M. and on Morning Joe at 7:20.
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
It amazes me that other  networks seem to treat me so much better than @FoxNews. I brought them the biggest ratings in history, &amp; I get zip!
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!
Small crowds at @RedState today in Atlanta. People were very angry at EWErickson, a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
Almost universal support that "Trump won the debate." Only @FoxNews is consistantly fighting the Trump win, and I got them the ratings!
Wow, CNN just said that Donald Trump won the DEBATE, connected best with audience. Also, Time, Drudge, Newsmax, N.Y.Times and more!
.@redstate I miss you all, and thanks for all of your support. Political correctness is killing our country. "weakness."
Re Megyn Kelly quote: "you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever" (NOSE). Just got on w/thought
So many "politically correct" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!
The hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.
....Dopey @krauthammer should be fired. @FoxNews
.@FoxNews you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history &amp; you say nothing but bad...
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @FoxNews trio, especially @megynkelly, was not very good or professional!
.@FrankLuntz, your so-called "focus groups" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!
Wow, @megynkelly really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.
.@FrankLuntz I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @DRUDGE_REPORT &amp; @TIME  so where did you find that dumb panel.
.@FrankLuntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!
I look forward to tonight's "debate" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen!
.@realbobmassi, who does a show called "Bob Massi Is The Property Man" on @FoxNews, really knows his stuff--a total pro!
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
Many of Hillary’s donors are the same donors as Jeb Bush’s—all rich, will have total control—know them well.
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight on @FoxNews at 8 PM and 11 PM.
Thank you @gawker! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
Will be interviewed on @Morning_Joe at 7:3O. Enjoy!
Thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. A lot of progress is being made!
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.  --  Albert Einstein
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary’s private illegal emails. Huma’s PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
.@Jrprotalker Thanks Judy for the wonderful statements on @TrumpTurnberry. Great seeing you there &amp; you did a fabulous job on commentary.
.@DottieandBogey Thanks for nice comments over weekend re Turnberry. You and your husband have fantastic taste! Also, great commentary.
Despite the false @nytimes story about Jeb Bush being happy with the Trump surge, he fell more than anybody &amp; is miserable.
Wow, did the @nytimes fall into the Bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that I was hurting other candidates &amp; not him
Bush is pretending that the "Trump surge" is great for him and the @nytimesworld is  reporting Bush "delight" - con job, a Bush nightmare!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
Watch my interview with @ericbolling on @FoxNews today at 11:30AM ET
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
 -- Henry Ford
Wow, some new and even greater polls--thank you!
Will be leaving Trump Turnberry tomorrow--place &amp; Women's British Open are great. Will be back hitting hard tomorrow. @Turnberrybuzz
Should not raise taxes in Wisconsin, but massive budget deficit. Education, roads, etc suffering. @DanHenninger lies. @WSJ
The polls have been consistently great. The silent majority is speaking. Politicians are failing. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night &amp; it is certainly my intention to be very nice &amp; highly respectful of the other candidates.
Just at a news conference from Trump Turnberry in Scotland. Everybody was there &amp; will be all over television tonite. Back on trail Saturday
Carl Cameron @FoxNews is the only reporter I know who consistently fumbles &amp; misrepresents poll results. He has been so wrong &amp; he hates it!
Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat.
I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!
People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt &amp; others talk about me but know nothing about me—crazy!
How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?
Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!!
  #ChangeTheWorldIn5Words
... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?
Per @rushlimbaugh: Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
Thank you @Morning_Joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!
So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!
.@CNN  Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.
.CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics  Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy
Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.
.@CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.
Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so
A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesn’t get it.
While I’m beating my opponents in the polls, I’m also beating lobbyists, special interests &amp; donors that are supporting them with billions.
“Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.” – Ronald Reagan
Obama’s nuclear deal with the Iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. It has to be stopped.
.#IranDeal will go down as one of the dumbest &amp; most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader!
After all is said and done, more is said than done. -- Aesop
.@TheBrodyFile was fantastic tonight on @CNN. Thank you, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @CNN. Great energy and smarts! I will not let you down.
Will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. There is so much to talk about!
Boston's Mayor Walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the Olympics, and then he gave up. I don't want him negotiating for me!
I’ll be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 PM and look forward to it. Lots to discuss!  Enjoy.
Be in Turnberry on Thurs AM for start of Women's British Open, one of  world's great golf tournaments. Back soon to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I own Turnberry, in Scotland, one of great resorts in world. Women’s British Open there this week. I’ll go for two days &amp; back on trail.
Veterans, please call 855- VETS- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the VA.
.@SteveRattner While I think you should have gone to prison for what you did, I guess Obama saved you. But watch – I will win!
When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI, they won’t be voting for him. Massive deficit, bad jobs forecast, a mess.
Great news, I’m now leading in most polls w/ new CNN poll also having me #1. NBC, I am #1 in NH by a lot, #2 in Iowa, close &amp; gaining.
.@ScottWalker is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc.
Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!
.@ScottWalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!
.@ShawnJohnson Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are  a true winner and will be an amazing couple.
.@Macy’s is a big contributor to @PPFA . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macy’s.
Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled!
The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!
Big poll just out by @TheEconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!
Isn’t it amazing that @Macys paid a massive fine for profiling African Americans--&amp; then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
.@marklevinshow has written a great book, Plunder and Deceit. He powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. Read it!
Be sure to get a copy of @williebosshog's new book, American Hunter.
I love Bluffton, SC, what a great place -- what great people.
When will anyone be held accountable for the VA scandal? The politicians are experts in never facing any consequence.
.@williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. You were great and I appreciate the nice statements. I’m sending out for your new book now!
Thoughts &amp; prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening.
You’re just not getting there @DanaPerino. Sometimes things just don’t work out, but don’t worry--- no problem!
.@bobbyjindal watched you on @TeamCavuto. Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.
Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!
.@BillKristol   Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!
What a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!
Boycott @Macys, no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!
.@AC360  Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!
.@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.
.@FrankLuntz knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!
Shouldn’t George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?
Will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @CNN tonight. Let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy!
Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers &amp; bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!
Thank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @NBCNightlyNews. Very fair -- we are making progress together!
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
I hear a failing New York newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. So original - just one of many!
Great day today in South Carolina. Fantastic capacity crowd, amazing people!
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
.@ZachJohnsonPGA  You're one of the truly great competitiors. I’ve said it for years. Great going winning @OpenChampionship - Not surprised!
Rick Perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself. Gov. Abbott has since been terrific.
Good luck to my new friends on your testimony in DC. You are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration!
Just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead!  Thank you, we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, new @ABCnews/@WashingtonPost @GOP preference poll has DonaldTrump 11 points up! Thank you.
I will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans, illegal immigration, etc.
Look how small the pages have become @WSJ. Looks like a tabloid—saving money I assume!
This story is no longer about John McCain, it’s about our horribly treated vets. Illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans.
It was only after I informed NBC that I wouldn't do the Apprentice that they became upset w/ me. They couldn’t care less about “inclusion"
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
The ever dwindling @WSJ which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for, is always hitting me politically. Who cares!
I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous  energy!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!
The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.
John McCain called thousands of people "crazies" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!
One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.
Why would anybody listen to @MittRomney? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!
Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, @GregAbbott_TX, for taking a tough &amp; bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.
I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.
....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....
I will make this right for our great Vets!
All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.
....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.
The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...
Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!
In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!
Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon.
I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.
The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but @CNN &amp; @CNNPolitics is just plain dumb!
Ratings starved @CNN and @CNNPolitics does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!
Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It's driving @ariannahuff &amp; the money losing @HuffingtonPost post crazy that I am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
The liberal clown  @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @HuffingtonPost to cover me as enterainment. I am #1 in Huff Post Poll.
.@genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! I won’t forget.
“God's word is the same, yesterday and today and a million years from now.” - @Franklin_Graham
MILITARY LIVES MATTER! END GUN FREE ZONES! OUR SOLDIERS MUST BE ABLE TO PROTECT THEMSELVES! THIS HAS TO STOP!
Looking forward to speaking at the @ARGOP Reagan-Rockefeller Dinner tonight! Record crowd. We are no longer silent! #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN!
I had thousands join me in New Hampshire last night! @HillaryClinton had 68. The #SilentMajority is fed up with what is going on in America!
Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
.@GovernorPerry failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.
.@GovernorPerry just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means.
.@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans. @SenJohnMcCain called them "crazies"--must apologize!
“No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs, once launched, never disappear.” – Ronald Reagan
Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speech—packed house.  Love it!
The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!
The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is @pennjillette. Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!
Dopey @Lawrence O’Donnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.  #Iran
.@KarlRove wasted $400 million + and didn’t win one race—a total loser. @FoxNews
.@FoxNews You shouldn’t have @KarlRove on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a Bushy!
.@BradSteinle Great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people. Keep your sister’s very important memory alive—big impact!
.@andydean2014 Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job.
I hope the boycott of @Macys continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.
I loved firing goofball atheist Penn @pennjillette on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.
I hear @pennjillette show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice,  show would have died long ago.
Irrelevant clown @KarlRove sweats and shakes nervously on @FoxNews as he talks "bull" about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12.
.@StephenBaldwin7 You were fabulous on CNN last night--I greatly appreciate your support.  Best wishes.
.@FoxNews should not put @KarlRove on—he has no credibility, a bush plant who called all races wrong.
Why do people listen to clown @KarlRove on @FoxNews? Spent $430M &amp; lost all races—a Bushy!
.@BradSteinle Thank you for yr wonderful tweet of July 4. I wanted a little time to go by before calling. Your sister &amp; family are amazing.
Getting ready to land in Charlottesville, Virginia, at Trump Vineyards, another job producing development that I bought and made AMAZING!
I can't believe that President Obama isn't able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of Kate Steinle.Come on Pres-MAKE CALL!
Matt Harvey @Mets -- Don't let the @NYDailyNews get you down---nobody reads it. Play well.
Let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. It's time, he has paid a big and very long price!
I absolutely support Kate’s Law—in honor of the beautiful Kate Steinle who was gunned down in SF by an illegal immigrant.
Mexico’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with El Chapo’s escape—totally corrupt. U.S. paid them $3 billion.
The joke around town is that I freed El Chapo from the Mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security.
.@McLaughlinGroup Greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. People of “great accomplishment” should easily quality for prez.
Isn’t it interesting that now that I’m #1 in the polls, the networks show polls that are a month old!
When will people, and the media, start to apologize to me for my statement, "Mexico is sending....", which turned out to be true?  El Chapo
....likewise, billions of dollars gets brought into Mexico    through the border. We get the killers, drugs &amp; crime, they get the money!
El Chapo and the Mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a  vacuum cleaner, sucking drugs and death right into the U.S.
The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our "leaders" can't say no!
.....but that's what I've been saying. Very unfair treatment by the media!
Now that the Mexican drug lord escaped from prison, everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the U.S. comes over border!
I hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved Meet The Press? I can't imagine what is taking so long!
...Trump, however, would kick his ass!
Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo', the Mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? ....
Sleep eyes @ChuckTodd is killing Meet The Press. Isn't he pathetic? Love watching him fail!
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so!
Phoenix Convention Center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat, so they let them in. A GREAT day!
Convention Center officials in Phoenix don't want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15,000 people in 4,000 code room.
I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!
Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America.
Boycott @Macys and @Univision. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Has anyone seen the financials of @Univision. They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!
I love that thousands of people are boycotting @Macys and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!
Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands!
Jeb Bush just announced he raised over $100M. Everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of America!
Iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. Time to WALK and double the sanctions. Stop payments!
BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2PM MST has been moved to @PhoenixConvCtr! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!
I'm on @CNN's @AC360 tonight @8pm &amp; @FoxNews' @seanhannity @ 10PM discussing immigration and lots of other things.#LetsMakeAmericaGreatAgain
Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years.
Why does a failed magazine like @Forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down. @Clare_OC
Dummy @Clare_OC @Forbes: Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...
Dummy @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom, ESPN was small golf outing...
Dummy writer @Clare_OC from failing @Forbes magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important…
Watched chief negotiator for Iran on @charlierose last night. He is far smarter than our reps—increase sanctions and walk!
Totally false reporting on my call with @Reince Priebus. He called me, ten minutes, said I hit a “nerve", doing well, end!
You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?
Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!
Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit  @krauthammer said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!
Dear @MaraLiasson, I greatly appreciate your fairness. My history shows I never disappoint. Looking forward to meeting you soon.
.@natalie_gulbis  Thank you for your support this morning on @GolfChannel. Even more importantly, play well this week! Say hi to all.
.@ronsirak Thank you for being so fair this morning on @GolfChannel—greatly appreciated.
I will be in California this weekend making a speech for Clint Eastwood. Then to Arizona and Vegas. Big crowds. Discussing illegals &amp; more!
Wow! I hear that thousands of people are cutting up their @Macys credit card. That's great. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
.@AnnCoulter U were great last nite @ericbolling on FOX. Our country has become a dumping ground for the world--I'll get it to stop &amp; fast!
People rarely say that many conservatives didn’t vote for Mitt Romney. If I can get them to vote for me, we win in a landslide.
We have got to take our country back. It's time!
Thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their @Macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into US
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.
Thank you @loudobbsnews, I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!
Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see &amp; can't solve the problems.
I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.
Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.
Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!
What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. Enjoy!
.@TheJuanWilliams you never speak well of me &amp; yet when I saw you at Fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. Please share pic!
.@marcorubio what do you say to the family of Kathryn Steinle in CA who was viciously killed b/c we can't secure our border? Stand up for US
My heartfelt condolences to the family of Kathryn Steinle. Very, very sad!
Wow, Huffington Post just stated that I am number 1 in the polls of Republican candidates. Thank you, but the work has just begun!
Mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the U.S. Mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. WAKE UP!
As Governor of Texas, Rick Perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that's O.K., I like him anyway!  @GovernorPerry
Obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with Iran. Our leadership is weak &amp; ineffective. Double the sanctions!
Why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against @Macys for racial profiling? Terrible hypocrites!
.@Macys stock just dropped. Interesting. So many people calling to say they are cutting up their @Macys credit card. Thank you!
Who is @Macys to pretend innocence when they “racial profile” all over the place? Paid big fine!
Interesting that @Macys criticized me but just paid $650,000 in fines for racial profiling. Are they racists?
.@GovernorPataki  couldn’t be elected dog catcher if he ran again—so he didn’t!
.@GovernorPataki was a terrible governor of NY, one of the worst -- would’ve been swamped if he ran again!
.@andersoncooper  Anderson—Thank you for being so fair with your reporting &amp; story last night. Greatly appreciated!
For all of those who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, boycott @Macys. They are weak on border security &amp; stopping illegal immigration.
Those who believe in tight border security, stopping illegal immigration &amp;  SMART trade deals w/other countries should boycott @Macys.
Get ready for @Oreillyfactor tonight at 8- always interesting!
Watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8PM.
I love the Mexican people, but Mexico is not our friend. They're killing us at the border and they're killing us on jobs and trade. FIGHT!
We MUST have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. Without that we do not have a country. Also, Mexico is killing U.S. on trade. WIN!
Remember, Univision apologized!
Saudi Arabia should be paying the United States many billions of dollars for our defense of them. Without us, gone!  @AlWaleedbinT
.@jorgeramosnews Please send me your new number, your old one’s not working. Sincerely, Donald J. Trump
Univision apologized to me but I will not accept their apology. I will be suing them for a lot of money. Miss U.S.A. contestants are hurt!
.@NYDailyNews, the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown Mort Zuckerman, puts me on the cover daily because I sell. My honor, but it is dead!
See story in Fusion and Huff. Post about rape at the border. Beyond terrible! Isn't Fusion owned by Univision?
Will be in Chicago tomorrow for a record setting (by far) luncheon.
I'll be in Iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. The word is getting out, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The leader and negotiators representing Mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the U.S.!
Only very stupid people think that the United States is making good trade deals with Mexico.Mexico is killing us at the border and at trade!
.@billmaher: Bill, you are really beginning to understand what is going on with "Trump" - actually, you always knew!
When you are in a war, or even a battle, losing is not an option!
When somebody challenges you unfairly, fight back - be brutal, be tough - don't take it. It is always important to WIN!
If I win the presidency, my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare.
.@Univision cares far more about Mexico than it does about the U.S.  Are they controlled by the Mexican government?
Anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the US should boycott @Univision.
Once again the Bush appointed  Supreme Court Justice John Roberts has let us down. Jeb pushed him hard! Remember!
I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the US so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for US jobs, only good for Mexico.
Univision wants to back out of signed @MissUniverse contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico.
Mexican gov doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation &amp; horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
Governor Rick Scott of Florida did really poorly on television this morning. I hope he is O.K.
I hear that dopey political pundit, Lawrence O'Donnell, one of the dumber people on television, is about to lose his show-no ratings?Too bad
We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!
My message, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!
My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!
.@WhoopiGoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!
The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to  sleep. Dead T.V.
I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why "Trump" poll numbers are high.
Just out, the new nationwide @FoxNews poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!
Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers
.@Neilyoung’s song, “Rockin’ In The Free World” was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didn’t love it anyway.
.@Neilyoung A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal &amp; called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!
My daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Politician @SenatorCardin didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs &amp; spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.
The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first.
.@DanaPerino  Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it? @ericbolling @kimguilfoyle
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!
.@JordanSpieth  Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon.
.@deneenborelli  Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated.
I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!
Sadly, I will no longer be doing @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!
.@KarlRove still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue! @FoxNews
.@KarlRove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought @FoxNews was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?
The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of @FoxNews. Mike was a total pro!
.@MarthaRaddatz was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week. @GStephanopoulos should not allow this conduct!
.@KarlRove, who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race, said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!
Who would you rather have negotiating for the U.S. against Putin, Iran, China, etc., Donald Trump or Hillary? Is there even a little doubt?
Thank you @AnnCoulter for your nice words. The U.S. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. Pols don't get it. Make America Great Again!
My speech is right now on C-SPAN 1
Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?
Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!
I like Mexico and love the spirit of  Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S.
Why did @DanaPerino beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?
Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
Out of hundreds of deals &amp; transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just business.
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn, Black, Zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt!
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. It’s a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart!
Has Charles @krauthammer ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every way—Make America Great Again!
George Will was a big Iraq fool.  $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- &amp; we got nothing! Dummy.
Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didn’t attend because he’s boring &amp; often wrong—a total dope!
Just watched Brian Williams on @TODAYshow - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at @msnbc. Stop apologizing
The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
Only a fool would buy the @NYDailyNews. Loses fortune &amp; has zero gravitas. Let it die!
Enjoyed watching @MonicaCrowley's analysis of my @BillOreilly interview. Great points! Thank you, Monica.
@ericbolling, in addition,no doubt you would have been amazing on @ApprenticeNBC! Keep up the great work.
Thanks @greggutfeld. Really nice! I’m glad I did your show. @GregGutfeldShow
@ericbolling, watched you on my flight to Iowa. Will not be forgotten.
Dear @kimguilfoyle, Thank you so much for your nice words today on @TheFive. Will not be forgotten! In Iowa now. Packed house!
Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco. I will be streaming my announcement at 11AM.
Make sure to follow me on @periscopeco #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
It is almost time. I will be making a major announcement from @TrumpTowerNY at 11AM. Follow on social media! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Big time in U.S. today - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back.
Tomorrow will be a really big day for America. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Remember, politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN! Controlled by lobbyists &amp; donors
I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!
Entrepreneurs: Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Entrepreneurs: Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
Entrepreneurs: Don’t sell yourself short. Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. Accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative.
Entrepreneurs:  Review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Keep your focus intact.
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It’s a very empowering attitude.
Entrepreneurs: Follow your own path—it will bring you to the places you were meant to be.
Loved doing #NCGOPConvention keynote speech last night! Unbelievable reception. Had the biggest crowds by far of any of the GOP candidates.
Will be doing @foxandfriends live tomorrow at 7AM ET from Europe.
Going to Scotland, Ireland &amp; other places in Europe to close up deals. Getting ready for the June 16th announcement @TrumpTowerNY!
Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said, "We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!"
Just said at #NCGOPCon that "I'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office."
Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that "we have to protect our border &amp; I think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like Trump!"
Just received applause at #NCGOPcon when I said  "People ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again!
Just said at #NCGOPcon that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!"
Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said "to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators."
Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!
Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!
“Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress.” - Phyllis Schlafly
We must stop Common Core from controlling state &amp; local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!
China just hacked our federal government &amp; stole gov. workers’ information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect.
.@GretchenCarlson's memoir is a powerful example of perseverance &amp; hope. “Getting Real” is as real as it gets. Get it &amp; enjoy! #GettingReal
Looking forward to keynoting the @NCGOP #NCGOPcon dinner tomorrow night!  @NCGOP is a top state party!
Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!
Dummy political pundit @krauthammer constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!
.@krauthammer pretends to be a smart guy, but if you look at his record, he isn't. A dummy who is on too many Fox shows. An overrated clown!
One of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is @krauthammer. A totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Re Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
“Fortunately for a quarterback, you can play for a long time because you don't get hit very often.” – Tom Brady @SuperBowl @Patriots
Just as I predicted, while Obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago, Iran cheated &amp; increased its nuclear fuel by 20%. We must DOUBLE sanctions!
Excited to be returning to the @NCGOP State Convention as the Keynote of Saturday’s dinner! @NCGOP is a strong Conservative state party!
“I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.” – Derek Jeter
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will increase our trade deficits &amp; send even more jobs overseas. This is a bad deal. Time for smart trade!
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Get out there &amp; go for it!
“The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon” - George Washington
All the haters &amp; losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him &amp; his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  ENJOY!
For those of you that have conveniently fotgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!
I would like to offer Vice President Biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son, Beau. Met him once, great guy!
All the haters and losers must admit that, unlike others,  I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. Too bad!
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.
Wow, the economy is really bad! GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT down 0.7% in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. I TOLD YOU SO! Only I can fix.
“Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.” - Vince Lombardi
“@TrumpFerryPoint was something we’ve been working on for years and Donald Trump got it to the finish line.” - @rubendiazjr
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Be open to new ideas. Be innovative!
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs: Get--and keep--your momentum going. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch
Common Core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. Department of Education should be disbanded not expanded. Focus on local education.
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake, but by what you finally accomplish!
Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!
Good advice from my mother: 
"Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary Trump
Good advice from my father: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." --  Fred C. Trump
In business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Let’s Make America Great Again!
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.
 -- Jack Nicklaus
A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead: "Practice puts brains in your muscles!" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE.
Will be doing @greta interview  tomorrow. So much to talk about!
.@AnnCoulter's new book-- "Adios, America! The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole"-- is a great read. Good job!
“Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard.” - @serenawilliams
Entrepreneurs: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious--look at the solution, not the problem.
If any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded Iraq then they are unqualified to be Commander-in-Chief.
Whether you think you can or think you can't---you are right. -- Henry Ford
I will be going to Trump Links at Ferry Point for the official opening of this long delayed  (but future NYC treasure) course. Great job "D"
The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!
Nobody understands politicians like I do - all talk and no action. They will never get our country where it needs to be, truly great again!
Think BIG! You are going to be thinking anyway, so you might as well  think BIG!
I told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and I had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. Why? Too bad!
On this Memorial Day holiday, we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. They are our country’s finest.
“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.” – Mark Twain
Audience chanting "RUN TRUMP RUN!" during my my @SRQRepublicans speech! They are going to be very happy...
Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan! @SRQRepublicans speech is sold out with record crowd.
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
.@KirstenPowers  New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!
.@megynkelly  Will be on Fox now. Watch and enjoy!
I will be interviewed on @megynkelly's The Kelly File tonight. Be sure to watch on  @FoxNews!
Yesterday the White House claimed its ISIS strategy is a 'success.' Tell that to the Christians being beheaded. We need to hit ISIS hard!
Looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 Statesman of the Year’ by @SRQRepublicans this Thursday. A record 2,000+ attendees-Can't wait!
What people don’t know about Kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous Lehman Brothers when it totally destroyed the economy!
I now see John Kasich from Ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line “Make America Great Again”. Typical pol- no imagination!
There is no way my friend Bob Kraft agreed not to appeal the NFL decision without making a deal to at least get something. We love Tom Brady
“Actions are the seed of fate 
  deeds grow into destiny.”   – Harry S. Truman
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable --  but don't take things personally. That's good business.
TPP does not stop Japan’s currency manipulation &amp; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
Congrats to @greggutfeld on his new @FoxNews show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy.
Gallup finds Des Moines, Iowa, has the highest community pride (76.5) of any large city. Congrats and I agree--I love the place! @DesMoines
Marco Rubio had no idea what he was doing on Chris Wallace show. Said Iraq "was not a mistake." He looked clueless!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. So much to talk about but not much good news for the U.S.A. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Wow, ISIS has just taken the City of Ramadi in Iraq. So many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it.  Such a waste.
I laugh when I see Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush pretending to "love" each other, with each talking of their great friendship. Typical phony pols
Marco Rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with Chris Wallace @FoxNews concerning our invading Iraq.He was as clueless as Jeb
Jeb Bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded Iraq.He is so confused.Not presidential material!
Today is armed forces day. Thank you  to our military service members! I love you all!
I am in Iowa today, great STATE, fantastic PEOPLE! Many speeches, big crowds - all sold out! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Looking forward to being interviewed by Sam Clovis tomorrow at @MorningsideEdu in Sioux City at 10AM CT! Let’s Make America Great Again!
.@BillRancic  Bill, fantastic job this morning on @foxandfriends - you are a total winner and I am proud of you as first Apprentice CHAMP!
I cannot believe how bad Jeb Bush looks with his insane answer on Iraq, and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse.
“Failure isn’t fatal, but failure to change might be” – John Wooden
Going to New Hampshire, all sold out crowds. People want real change - POLS WILL NEVER MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
I call Jeb Bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn't want to be doing this, he is not having fun!
Who ever heard of a legal conviction statement “more probable than not” against Tom Brady? Sue them, Tom, and make lots of $. @nfl
I hope Tom Brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence &amp; defamation. They will drop the case against him--and he will win.
You can be an @nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended. Yet with NO EVIDENCE, @nfl targeted Tom Brady. B.S.!
Huge Townhall tomorrow at 5PM in the NH Barrington Middle School! Thanks to @straffordnhgop​ for hosting! Let’s Make America Great Again!
Looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! One of the top gun manufacturers in the US! #GunRights #TCOT
Thanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the Two International Group! Looking forward to making new friends &amp; discussing #FITN topics.
My major hotel conversion of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. is under budget and ahead of schedule. Should be U.S.A.
We are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to HELL. Time to rebuild the U.S.A.! Tell our stupid politicians, ENOUGH
I am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!
TRAIN WRECK just the beginning. Our roads, airports, tunnels, bridges, electric grid - all falling apart.I can fix for 20% of pols, &amp; better
Remember, politicians are all talk and NO action. Our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. The lobbyists &amp; donors control all!
The only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads, airports, bridges. I know how to build, pols only know how to talk!
Amtrak crash near Philadelphia, train derails -many hurt, some badly. Our country has horrible infrastructure problems. Pols can't solve!
Jeb Bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. Said he would do the disastrous  Iraq war all over again
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites and possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate. You have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
What a STUPID deal for Verizon to buy AOL for $4.4 billion. AOL has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. Worth less than $1 billion!
One of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post @TheFix. Moron hates my poll numbers
Why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country, while at the same time leaving the losers alone? STUPID!
People are so jealous of Tom Brady and the Patriots. No court could convict based on the evidence.They can't beat him on the field, so this!
Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership!
They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!
Great shot by @KingJames yesterday. Lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure.
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” - Theodore Roosevelt
.@foxandfriends in 5 minutes.
Denzel Washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. From the heart!
A great job by @RickieFowlerPGA in winning The Players yesterday. Finally, your jealous critics can go to hell! Good luck at The U.S. Open.
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. Plenty to talk about!
How come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in Mississippi by two deranged animals. DEATH PENALTY!
Big crowds, standing ovations in South Carolina - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My two sons, Eric &amp; Don, have long been expert hunters &amp; marksmen @NRA. They go on safaris &amp; give animals to the poor &amp; starving villagers!
.@tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on Fox, especially when talking politics. He has come a long way fast!
Leaving for the GREAT STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA now to make a speech about how to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
.@nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions!
Thank you @ASavageNation and keep up the great work!
Great job tonight @ericbolling
“Keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it's hard. When you do that you are passing the test.” - @JoelOsteen
I've dealt w/politicians throughout the world. My deals are multi-faceted  transactions which involve many issues. I know the process &amp; win!
Tom Brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. He is my friend and a total winner! @Patriots
.@kilmeade  It was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. So many people saw and loved the piece. Great work!
Huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. I will.
I was the first &amp; only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare &amp; Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
If I run, I will be in all the primary debates and you will see why I am the only one who can Make America Great Again!
The United States needs great deals - and fast. We have to make our country rich again in order to MAKE OUR COUNTRY GREAT AGAIN!
.@Franklin_Graham:  Great job on @foxandfriends this morning. You beautifully stated what most people are thinking! Say hi to all.
.@PamelaGeller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!
I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will   fight hard for victory if I do!
Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory.
“There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” – The Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher
Follow @TrumpNH for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!
Our spa @TrumpSoHo gets a nice write-up in @DETAILS: #gotmilk
What would you do if a large group of Muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of Jesus? Oh really, be cool!
The U.S. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. BE SMART
Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why  taunt, over and over again, in order to provoke possible death to audience. DUMB!
Thrilled to hear that @RakutenTravelJP has awarded @TrumpWaikiki the 'Rakuten Diamond Award' for the 4th consecutive year! Congrats!
Looking forward to @David_Bossie &amp; @RepJeffDuncan’s @Citizens_United Freed Summit in Greenville, SC this Saturday!
Congress was elected last November to reign Obama in, not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the American worker!
I will be interviewed at 7:00 A.M. on @foxandfriends - Enjoy.
I am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. Our cities need help, and fast. They are crumbling!
Just got back from Las Vegas. @TrumpLasVegas Hotel was fantastic in every way, but the fight was a total waste of time. The aggressor lost?
.@FloydMayweather  Good luck tonight Floyd.
The racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television.
Baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. Jobs, jobs, jobs!
.@SheriffClarke  Great insight  in dealing with the media today. You are a wonderful representative of calm and reason, a real pro!
@realDonaldTrump  I'm an activist, so I'm used 2 that &amp; I always applaud interest,but the people I know admire Trump"  Thank you, nice.
Plans to build wind farm near Trump Turnberry in Scotland have been dropped. GREAT! @GolfDigest  @GolfweekMag @GolfChannel @ESPNGolf
.@canoetravel  Also, the very obsolete, ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in Aberdeen. No longer works. @GolfChannel
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
If the working, proud and productive people of our country don't start exerting their authority and views, the U.S. as we know it is doomed!
Why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of Ana Charle by ex-con thug West Spruill. Gunned down on street, naked. Why no riots here?
Billions of dollars spent on Baltimore and it's still a total mess. Leadership is needed, not dollars. Our whole country is going to hell!
.@CGasparino  Good seeing you. Keep up the great work, never stop!
Congrats @TrumpWaikiki for winning @AmericanExpress Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts 'Hotel Partner of The Year for 2014'  award!
.@NicolleDWallace is really hurting @TheView. She is boring, predictable and has zero television "it" - show no longer has ratings, dying!
I have been a guest on The View many times when it was  successful show. Now the show is dying for lack of ratings. Too bad!
They now say using the word "thug" is, like so many other words, not politically correct (even though Obama uses it). It is racist. BULL!
Thank you @TrumpSoHo @TrumpNewYork for helping me celebrate #agreatcause @MarineCorpsLEF while accepting the Commandant’s Leadership award!
I am going to Iowa today - sold out crowds. People don't want our country ripped-off anymore. Must stop now!
I wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the United States as they watch the disgusting and out of control Baltimore riots?
Hopefully there won't be any problems in Baltimore tonight. Be calm, be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.There is just too much to live for!
The best social program, by far, is a JOB! Our jobs are being taken away from us by China and many other countries - incompetent leader.
President Obama, you have a big job to do. Go to Baltimore and bring both sides together. With proper leadership, it can be done! Do it.
Our country has to come together. We have to start working with, and really liking,  each other. The whole world is watching Baltimore.
The Mayor of Baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters "space to destroy" - another real genius!
Now that the ineffective Baltimore  Police have allowed the city to be destroyed, are the U.S. taxpayers expected to rebuild it (again)?
Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!
Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!
Wow, 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore, some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough, and fast! Thugs must be stopped.
Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best! #SheldonAdelson
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends  at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people!
I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine tonight on @FoxNews - Enjoy!
I don't know if Hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb!
.@PennyPritzker Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best!
.@NRO  Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice!
.@NRO  Not much is as "dead" or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg, a total loser! Get some real talent or fold!
.@WayneDupreeShow  A fantastic guy!
Congratulations to @DanaPerino on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job!
How do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? We don't make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc.
Looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan dinner in Virginia.
Congrats to great golfer @Frostpga on his big win last week. Always been best putter. "Frost Wins for Trump"
.@johnhawkinsrwn  Great speaking to you today, we will speak again soon.
@apageor2  Very good, must be tough!
“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” – Michael Jordan @Jumpman23
Why are the Republicans giving Obama fast track authority for TPP and the Iran agreement?! Obama gets more from the GOP than his own party.
Fact – while Jeb was governor &amp; Rubio was House Majority Leader, Florida’s debt more than doubled. Conservatives?
Excited to be travelling to New Hampshire on Monday. The Granite State is a model for the country. Live Free or Die!
.@GeraldoRivera Thanks, my champion Geraldo--and very true.
Do you notice that the polling establishment doesn't put me in polls, but put in folks who hardly register. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@Ex369PPD  Thank you!
“What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
China has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. Do not pass it.
Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does not  stop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal.
I want to negotiate my own, and much better, trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION (and more). DO NOT LET PASS!
Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. #TimeToGetTough
I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!  @BretBaier
Looking forward to keynoting @ChesterfieldGOP Lincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd!
.@JonahNRO  You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard!  @NRO
.@NRO @JonahNRO  Wow, just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast, doing very little business. Save this conservative voice!
The reason Ed Schultz said nice things about me is that I’m the only Repub who won't cut Social Security, etc. I’ll make America rich again!
I’m a conservative, but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other, whereas liberals unite to win.
With a stupid guy like Jonah Goldberg who uses “tweeting like a 14 year old girl” to hit me, no wonder the NRO is doing so poorly. @JonahNRO
People have been forced to resign positions for far less than @JonahNRO’s “tweeting like a 14 year old girl”
.@JonahNRO You stated that I started “relentlessly tweeting like a 14-year-old girl...”  Horrible insult to women. Resign now or later!
“When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.” – Ronald Reagan
Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end?
Wow, Hillary and Bill are in deep trouble, but don’t worry, my fellow Republicans will let them off the hook. All talk, no action.
.@DanaPerino wrote a wonderful book, “And the Good News is.."  Dana has a fabulous perspective on life &amp; politics—go get it!
Glad to see that @PeteRose_14 has been hired by @FOXSports as an analyst. Pete should be around baseball and in the Hall of Fame!
.@stephenfhayes: I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just don't  have what it takes! @JoeNBC
National Review @NRO may  be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by @JonahNRO. No talent means death - sad!
.@megynkelly   Sorry, there was only one "breakout star" this weekend in New Hampshire. Just check out the local New Hampshire media!
Jonah Goldberg @JonahNRO of the once great @NRO #National Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does  @BretBaier put this dummy on his show?
As I have long been saying, South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather).
We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb!
We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran &amp; others-sending ships.  How much are they going to pay us toward this protection.
Congratulations to @TrumpSoHo for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year!
Congratulations to @TrumpWaikiki for being selected as "Best of +VIP Access 2014" by @Expedia!
.@weeklystandard  I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than @stephenfhayes.
How does failed writer and pundit like @stephenfhayes, with no success and little talent, get away with criticizing candidates.
So much dishonest reporting (or non-reporting) in political media—an amazing experience for me. @BretBaier
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics.
Just returned from New Hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! Wonderful people who truly love the U.S.A.
For all of the haters and losers out there sorry, I never went Bankrupt -- but I did build a world class company and employ many people!
.@georgewillf is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. Got thrown off ABC like a dog. At Mar-a-Lago he was a total bust!
I do what I do out of pure enjoyment. Hopefully, nobody does it better. Theres a beauty to making a great deal. It's my canvas.
.@BretBaier   Why do you have George Will on your show - he's exhausted, boring and not even a little relevant! Waste of good air-time!
Looking forward to speaking at 1:30PM tomorrow in Nashua at @NHGOP @FITNsummit!. Let's Make America Great Again! #FITN
.kimguilfoyle - great job tonight!
Jeb Bush - “I am a conservative” = Barack Obama -“If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms,it will be because we destroyed ourselves. A. Lincoln
Mexico’s court system is a dishonest joke. I am owed a lot of money &amp; nothing happens.
Rodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting &amp; slow Mexico court system. Mexico is not a U.S. friend.
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Our Vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime &amp; anywhere!
Looking forward to speaking at the @NHGOP #FITN Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday at 12PM! Let’s Make America Great Again!
Had a great time in Myrtle Beach and Charleston this past Saturday and Monday. Looking forward to going back soon.
Today is April 15th, Obama’s favorite day of the year. T-E-A. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
Marco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely!
Entrepreneurs: Don't be confined by expectations. There are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas.
Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility, and it's the ideal situation to strive for.
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? Don't negate your own power.
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning - enjoy!
How do third rate talents with no smarts like @ron_fournier get so much time on television news. Boring guy - really bad for ratings!
Wow, Mitt Romney didn't  know that Rand Paul was in the race for president. Very strange! @FoxNews
A great @The Masters. The course looks so beautiful. Fantastic for golf and television ratings!
.@T-Mobile has so many service complaints - a total joke!
.@TMobile gives terrible service and has many complaints, just check.
Thanks @JamersonHayes, they are all total losers with nothing going for them!
.@TMobile  You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball!  @JohnLegere
.@JohnLegere  T-Mobile service is terrible! Why can't you do something to improve it for your customers. I don't want it in my buildings.
Without passion, you don't have energy; without energy, you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!
South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS!
Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!
@markraymond  Thanks Mark, they will!
.@BretBaier  Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented.
The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS!
.@ericbolling did a fantastic job on O'Reilly tonight. Way to go Eric!
Off to Nashville and the NRA.
.@BretBaier  I will be interviewed by Bret (on Fox) tonight at 6:00. Watch, it will be good!
I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there.
Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 6:00 P.M. on Fox. Don't miss it!
Record crowd and standing ovation at Simpson College in Iowa- lots of fun, wonderful audience!
On my way to @TrumpSoHo to receive the AAA Five Diamond Award.
I had a great time in Iowa yesterday- record crowds, fantastic people!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Leaving now - I'm spending the entire day in Iowa - great people, great state!
Wow, the respected Monmouth University poll has me ahead of most Republican candidates nationwide, and most people don't think I'm running!
Many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. They should.be weeded out!
How much money is the  extremely unattractive (both inside and out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name?
As dishonest as @RollingStone is I say @HuffingtonPost is worse. Neither has much money -  sue them and put them out of business!
.@serenawilliams we look forward to being with you, a truly great champion, tomorrow at Trump National D.C. for the Tennis Center dedication
“Obama’s promises on the Iran deal are like him promising ‘if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it’” - @marklevinshow
Congratulations to @GatewayPundit on being named the #ROL15 @BreitbartNews award. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved!
Looking forward to visiting @SimpsonCollege on Wednesday to discuss education. Common Core is an attack on individual &amp; local rights!
Congress must stop Obama’s reckless deal with Iran. The framework is a pathway for Iran to develop nukes.
.@RollingStone admitted their scam. Phony @HuffingtonPost and others are no better-- total joke!
Will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. ENJOY!
.@ShawnJohnson have a great Easter, you are a real champion!
I wish everyone, including the haters and losers, a very happy Easter!
Have a fantastic, beautiful and happy Easter everyone and then, when Easter is over, have great wins and triumphs in life. Never give up!
That Saturday Night Live is able to joke about the Germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. They should apologize to all of those  suffering!
The Iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the United States and the world. It does nothing but make Iran rich and will lead to catastrophe
Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran, not lift them. No deal is better than a bad deal. #ArtOfTheDeal
Entrepreneurs: Practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. Know that goals come with obstacles.
Entrepreneurs: Learn to trust yourself. Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Obama’s offer to Iran will not stop Iran’s breakout capability. It is a bad, desperate deal negotiated from weakness. Pass sanctions!
My friend @ChristianJosi is making a very special LP. Follow him. Conservative leader by day, likely 2015 GRAMMY winner by night. #LEGENDS
Each day that Iran delays the deal, if that is what you call it, we must add another sanction, and make them progressively tough.
Turn on @oreillyfactor now  and enjoy true brilliance!
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. Enjoy!
I will be on Bill O'Reilly's show tonight at 8 PM--talking about Iran and politics. @oreillyfactor
Entrepreneurs: Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Be tough, be strong, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs: Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
“Simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal.” – Think Big
There is only one fix for ObamaCare - REPEAL &amp; REPLACE with a free market oriented alternative!
Iran is desperate to develop nukes. Congress must increase sanctions against Iran.
The border is wide open for cartels &amp; terrorists. Secure our border now. Build a massive wall &amp; deduct the costs from Mexican foreign aid!
We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
The girlfriend of Lubitz, the  wacko co-pilot who took down the plane, knew he was insane and should have reported him. Put her through hell
The road to success is always under construction.
-- Arnold Palmer
Looking forward to tonight's Ayrshire Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner 2015  @AyrshireChamber
Message to Obama re: Iran: “The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of the Deal
Entrepreneurs: Successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. You've got to know where they're coming from. Pay attention!
Entrepreneurs: When negotiating, don't be an open book. Know that the only person on your side might be yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Seek opportunity, and see opportunity as a perk. You never know what will evolve. Keep an open mind!
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation.
-- @jacknicklaus
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough!
If Saudi Arabia, which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil, wants our help and protection, they must pay dearly! NO FREEBIES.
Pres. Obama was touting Yemen as a great success story - it just fell. Obama doesn't know what he is doing. Saudi Arabia is in big trouble.
Many people think that WM23 @WrestleMania “the battle of the billionaires” was the greatest of all time—set all records
“Americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan
Jack Nicklaus II gave the best tribute to a parent I have ever heard at yesterday’s Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony honoring @jacknicklaus
Go to @greta show - will be talking about OPO and plenty else - ENJOY!
I am on @greta now!
Entrepreneurs: Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude.
Entrepreneurs: Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Will be on @megynkelly tonight at 9:00. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 15 minutes! Enjoy.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
 -- Winston Churchill
Entrepreneurs:  Let your actions show that you're the best. See each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Learn to be succinct. Can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? Be clear and concise.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example, and you'll be a magnet for the right people. That's the best way to work with people you like.
Corey Lewandowski, Senior Political Adviser:  "Mr.Trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness."
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What's strong? What's weak? What's missing?
Entrepreneurs: We win in our daily lives by being careful with every day, every moment.
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Make your work count.
.@foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.
Boy did Pharrell &amp; Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast!
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees, but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard &amp; then establish it. Simple, but not easy. Focus!
Entrepreneurs: A winning attitude will put things in perspective. Keep negative thoughts &amp; people where they belong--out of the big picture.
Wow, little Mac Miller has almost 100 million views on his song, "Donald Trump." Keep pushing Mac and come up with another hit - just do it!
The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us!
Just as I have been saying for MANY years, and while they phony negotiate with the U.S. over nuclear, Iran is taking over Iraq. Really sad!
Entrepreneurs: Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Never give up!
Entrepreneurs: Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
GET READY!! The #TrumpFerryPoint tee sheet opens TODAY @ 10am EST on our website for April 1st-30th! @TrumpFerryPoint
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the Cadillac WGC.Thanks
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
 -- Benjamin Franklin
Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art &amp; working is art &amp; good business is the best art
Andy Warhol
The Blue Monster @TrumpDoral was a sensation over the weekend. Really tough but players &amp; critics alike loved it.
.@Kstupples Thanks for the nice comments on Trump National Doral. I’ve long been your fan—now am an even bigger fan! @TrumpDoral
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes.
Today's final round of the WGC Cadillac Championship will be amazing. A lot of pressure on leader, who has played great. Big names hunting!
Golf is a game of respect and sportsmanship; we have to respect its traditions and its rules. -- Jack Nicklaus
I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser. -- Arnold Palmer
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
 -- Gary Player
Mexico's court system  corrupt.I want nothing to do with Mexico other than to build an impenetrable WALL and stop them from ripping off U.S.
Ringling Brothers is phasing out their elephants. I,for one, will never go again. They probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs
Every sport evolves. Every sport gets bigger and more athletic, and you have to keep up. -- Tiger Woods
Because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya, who owes me lots of money, Mexico will never again host the Miss Universe Pageant.
Despite Mexico's interest in again hosting the Miss Universe Pageant, it will be because of Rodolfo Rosas Moya that it will never happen.
I hope the Mexican judge is more honest than the Mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me.
The mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. The great champions have all come back from defeat. -- Sam Snead
Placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- Ben Hogan
Trump National Doral will have big crowds this weekend for the WGC. THE BLUE MONSTER IS READY FOR THE WORLD'S TOP FIFTY PLAYERS!
The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win.
 -- Phil Mickelson
Concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety.
 -- Jack Nicklaus
The road to success is always under construction.
 -- Arnold Palmer
We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts.
 -- Gary Player
All 50 of the WORLD'S TOP 50 PLAYERS will be at TRUMP NATIONAL DORAL on Thursday - Sunday for the Cadillac World Golf Championship.
Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.
Entrepreneurs: Don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best. You haven't-- so don't limit yourself!
Entrepreneurs:  Follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. You alone know where you really want to go.
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
So many people are angry at my comments on Mexico—but face it—Mexico is totally ripping off the US. Our politicians are dummies!
The Mexican legal system is corrupt, as is much of Mexico. Pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border
The evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weather—boring and too many other topics.
I could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorly—there is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tapped—and nobody sees it!
Put the glamour, beauty &amp; mystery back in the Oscars and the ratings will zoom. Also, &amp; most importantly, the Oscars need credibility.
I told everybody the Oscars were no good—Nielsen ratings confirmed, one of the lowest ratings in history.
The @HuffingtonPost is a total joke &amp; laughing stock of journalism, as is gross Arianna Huffington. They don’t report the facts!
I have a lawsuit in Mexico’s corrupt court system that I won but so far can’t collect. Don’t do business with Mexico!
The Oscars were a great night for Mexico &amp; why not—they are ripping off the US more than almost any other nation.
The talks between the U.S. and Iran are going on forever,  WORLD'S LONGEST NEGOTIATION. Obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Believe in yourself--if you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals --  and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't become complacent!
The Oscars are a sad joke, very much like our President. So many things are wrong!
What ever happened to the good old days of The Academy Awards. This show is an insult to the past, just plain bad!
Worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the Oscars. Show is terrible, really BORING!
Going to The Citadel tonight - getting The Nathan Hale Patriot Award. Very nice!
Entrepreneurs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. Remember to focus on the solution--not the problem.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve. Have your own vision and stick with it!
Entrepreneurs: Difficulties, mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business &amp; life. Remember to keep your equilibrium intact.
.@TrumpDoral will be featured on @GolfChannel this morning (now).
Gov. Scott Walker just left my office--we had a really wonderful talk. Very interesting! @GovWalker
Entrepreneurs:  Ignorance is not bliss, it's fatal. It's costly. Pay attention or get crushed. Watch, listen and learn.
Entrepreneurs:  Pay attention to your negotiation skills. It's all about persuasion, and persuasion is power.
Entrepreneurs: It's often to your advantage to be underestimated.
Record setting cold and snow, ice caps massive! The only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols.
President Obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against Grand Master Chess champions. Very sad to watch!
Among the lowest temperatures EVER in much of the United States. Ice caps at record size. Changed name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE
The winner of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Show, Miss P, will be coming to my office this morning.
Jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! LIVE AT 8 P.M.  #CELEBRITYAPPRENTICE
Paulina @MissUniverse Vega will be introduced tonight at the Finale of Celebrity Apprentice.She is a great beauty and a monster star in S.A.
Apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night!
Wow, 25 degrees below zero, record cold and snow spell. Global warming anyone?
.#Celebrityapprentice will be live tomorrow night. Entire cast will be there. Who do you like to win?
As a former host of Saturday Night Live, I look forward to attending tonight!
Record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING?
Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork @TrumpChicago @TrumpWaikiki @TrumpToronto on your Forbes Five-Star ratings @ForbesInspector
I still don’t know who I’m going to choose. @GeraldoRivera or @LeezaGibbons? Who do you like?  @ApprenticeNBC
The entire cast will be back for the live finale of @ApprenticeNBC Monday night at 8 PM
.#CelebrityApprentice Two hour live show on Monday night will determine who will become the winner of Celebrity Apprentice.Full cast returns
Entrepreneurs: See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better.
Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.
Who should win Celebrity Apprentice on Monday night? Show will be telecast LIVE!
Let Pete Rose into the Hall of Fame now - 35 years is enough!
Entrepreneurs: Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. Don't sell yourself short!
Entrepreneurs: Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Entrepreneurs: Listen and learn from others, but make your own decisions. Take responsibility for yourself. It's a very empowering attitude!
Brian Williams, who is not the nice guy that people think he is, has now become totally irrelevant. He will never again hold court!
I have long stated that Brian Williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. Now he has proven me correct!
Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
Entrepreneurs: Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
The best vision is insight. -- Malcolm Forbes
With America's debt topping $21T by the end of his presidency, Obama will have effectively bankrupted our country. @davidaxelrod
Why did @oreillyfactor give @davidaxelrod so much time to sell his third rate book. Bill should have hit stammering David MUCH harder! Waste
.@davidaxelrod  I hope your book is better than the Obama second book, but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal, boring!
.@davidaxelrod, use Buffet, Icahn, Sam Zell, Leon Black, Kravis, Caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws, not me!
Watched @davidaxelrod on @oreillyfactor and the dog hit me even after I made a big contribution to his charity. I never went bankrupt!
At your request, I will be doing live tweeting during tonight’s @ApprenticeNBC.  #CelebApprentice
Don’t forget to watch @ApprenticeNBC tonight—you will love it! 8 PM on NBC.  #CelebApprentice
Celebrity Apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. Watch tonight at 8:00.
I predicted Rosie O'Donnell would fail at the View, and was right. Now I predict Rosie will take over for Brian Williams!
Word is that Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd, who has failed so badly with Meet the Press, will be taking over for now irrelevant Brian Williams!
The golden rule of negotiation: He who has the gold makes the rules.
Entrepreneurs:  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
My father's 4 step formula for success: "Get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out." -- Fred C. Trump
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- 
Benjamin Franklin
Entrepreneurs: Be a cautious optimist. I call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Entrepreneurs:  Having a product requires something very important--you have to think about the market. Do your due diligence.
Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
Entrepreneurs:  Be curious. Discovery breeds discovery, just as success breeds success. Don't sell yourself short.
Entrepreneurs:  See each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. Take responsibility for yourself!
Entrepreneurs: Don't put blinders on or limit yourself. Reach out, seek and explore. The opportunities are always there.
We’re worried about waterboarding as our enemy, ISIS, is beheading people and burning people alive. Time for us to wake up.
Entrepreneurs: Is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? Keep things in perspective. Learn to expect problems and keep moving forward.
Entrepreneurs: Money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card, not the final score.
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? I don't think so. Great danger to U.S.
Best Apprentice episode EVER tonight at 8:00.
Remember, tonight's 8 o’clock episode of Celebrity Apprentice is the best ever—you will see nothing like it on tv. @ApprenticeNBC
Entrepreneurs: Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
Entrepreneurs: Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself.
Entrepreneurs: Set your mind on winning and losing won't have a chance.  See yourself as victorious!
Tonight's episode of @ApprenticeNBC is not only the best episode ever, it has a great lesson in life. Don't miss it!
It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process!
I wonder if Marshawn Lynch will now speak and call some  coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard?
Love that Patriots won - Brady is best ever! Seahawks pass    was DUMBEST play in the history of football! Great going COACH B!
I'm looking forward to the Super Bowl but looking even more forward to Monday night at 8:00 - best episode EVER of Celebrity Apprentice!
I hope you can go to @oreillyfactor and vote for Donald Trump in order to Make America Great Again! Thanks.
@Patti_Page Thanks Patti, I hope they vote @oreillyfactor
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. -- Henry Ford
Now that Mitt is gone, all we have to do is get Bush to drop out and Trump to run—and we will win!
When I broadly proclaimed Mitt “choked” – and would do it again—everybody said yeah, he’s right.
I will take full credit for Mitt Romney dropping out of the race—looks like he won’t be endorsing Trump any time soon.
Mitt did the right thing—not because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco
Everyone is saying the bad news is that Donald Trump is going to take credit &amp; they are right—Mitt wouldn’t have won anyway.
Entrepreneurs: Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with.
Entrepreneurs: What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and then establish it.
Entrepreneurs: Knowledge requires patience, action requires courage. Put patience and courage together and you'll be a winner .
Congrats to @TrumpWaikiki, celebrating 51 consecutive months as the #1 Honolulu Hotel on @TripAdvisor!
Entrepreneurs: There are no guarantees. But being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. Do your due diligence!
Entrepreneurs:  Being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. Don't give in and don't give up!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your focus and keep your momentum. Listen, apply and move forward. Set the standard!
Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Obama refused to wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia, but they were insulted.We have enuf enemies
@JoeWMiller Thanks Joe!
.@oreillyfactor - bad and very deceptive journalism. Show must be heading in wrong direction, too bad!  @SarahPalinUSA
.@SarahPalinUSA was 100% correct when she stated that @oreillyfactor used us in day long tease to get people to watch, but we were not on!
Entrepreneurs:  Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Entrepreneurs: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs:  Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
My parents:
"Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary MacLeod Trump
"Know everything you can about what you're doing."  Fred C. Trump
Surprise, @oreillyfactor used my name big league in pre-ads to promote the show—then talked about everyone else but me!
Getting ready to go on @KellyandMichael - two great people!
I guess Rupert Murdoch and the @nypost don't like Donald Trump. Such false reporting about my big hit in Iowa. Even my enemies said "bull."
Wow, I have always liked the @nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in Iowa. Packed house, standing O, best speech! Sad.
Going over to @ABC to do LIVE  at 9:00.
.@Lord_Sugar How did you enjoy Mar-a-Lago? It was nice having you there--my people thought you were terrific!
So many people have told me that I should host Meet the Press and replace the moron who is on now. Just too busy, especially next 10 years!
Apprentice = big hit. Miss Universe = Big hit. I always get big ratings. If I hosted Meet the Press instead of Sleepy Eyes,a smash! @NBCNews
I am convinced that sleepy eyes Chuck Todd was only a placeholder for someone else at Meet the Press. He bombed, franchise in ruins! @nbc
President Obama, our great leader, wants to declare martial law in New York City as a means of helping out with the "massive" storm.
Wow, the final ratings for the Miss Universe Pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on Sunday. I have a winner!
As usual, the "storm of the century" was not nearly as bad as forecast. What a waste of time, energy and money!
Watch Celebrity Apprentice, on NOW!
Celebrity Apprentice in 15 minutes - don't miss it!
Two of the best ever episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 8. Totally vicious and crazy! I will live tweet.
Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
Get ready for the Apprentice tonight - TWO AMAZING EPISODES. I will be live tweeting!
Word is that @NBCNews is firing sleepy eyes Chuck Todd in that his ratings on Meet the Press are setting record lows. He's a real loser!
Thanks to @SteveKingIA for the kind introduction at the IA Freedom Summit &amp; congrats to @David_Bossie &amp; @Citizens_United on a great success!
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
 -- Albert Einstein
Just been informed by @nbc--they want to extend the run of the @ApprenticeNBC by two shows because it is doing so well. Two hours live.
Entrepreneurs:  Everything starts with you. Realize that you're in charge.  Whatever happens, you're responsible.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Put everything you've got into what you're doing.
Entrepreneurs:  Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
They just arrested pol Shelly Silver in New York. Why aren’t they arresting a far bigger crook --@AGSchneiderman?
Just watched @Patriots Bill Belichick’s news conference. He did a great job—smart, concise, truthful!
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
 -- T. S. Eliot
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Congress, use the power of the purse. STOP AMNESTY!
Congratulations to @joniernst on delivering a strong conservative message in her #SOTU response. Joni will be a great senator.
Based on new oil prices, the ugly windfarms being built in Scotland will quickly die! What a mess!
If Scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100 - $150 oil, they would now be bust!
Tonight on @ExtraTV, I’m talking #CelebApprentice. Tune-in!
Congratulations to @TrumpChicago and @SixteenChicago for receiving the @AAANews Five Diamond Award again this year!
New episode starting now!
Joan Rivers on The Apprentice tonight at 8:00. I will be live tweeting. JOAN WAS GREAT!
.@foxandfriends  in five minutes!
The Apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. Joan Rivers puts on a great show!
I will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00. Enjoy!
I look forward to being in South Carolina tomorrow, a total sellout crowd!
Monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. Our wonderful Joan Rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the Apprentice. AMAZING!
The episode of the Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars, and she is and does GREAT!  Next Monday night at 8:00
Despite what the haters and losers like to say, I never filed for bankruptcy but WOW, the preeminent gaming company, Caesars, just did.
If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited, the magazine would have folded - no money, no success!
Charlie Hebdo reminds me of the "satirical" rag magazine Spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. Charlie was also broke!
#CelebApprentice Another exciting episode -tune in next Monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes!
#CelebApprentice who do you think won?
#CelebApprentice  What do you think of the new teams/PMs?
#CelebApprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight!
“@HoganSeaisle129: @realDonaldTrump who who who ... Say it just say it #CelebApprentice” Watch and see what happens!
#CelebApprentice Time for the first firing of the night.
#CelebApprentice #TeamVortex or #TeamInfinity?
#CelebApprentice Selfies- yes or no?
#CelebApprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager?
#CelebApprentice We always make sure to have great NYC locations for the task delivery.
Let's go! #CelebApprentice
#CelebApprentice I will be live tweeting(no spoilers) during tonight's all new @ApprenticeNBC at 8PM ET.
Some of the women on Celebrity Apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. Watch tonight!
Tonight at 8:00 is a really big one for a double episode of  Celebrity Apprentice. Watch, you won't believe what happens!
Remember, @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. and Celebrity Apprentice at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7:00.
Get ready for two amazing episodes of Celebrity Apprentice tomorrow night (Monday) at 8:00. Some incredible things happen!
The French police are afraid to go into many  communities. How did France let this all happen, and how did the female terrorist ever escape?
Entrepreneurs:  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Entrepreneurs: Business is a creative endeavor. Being innovative = being open to new ideas. Keep an open mind!
Entrepreneurs:  Be totally focused. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Give your work 100% of your concentrated effort.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
 -- Henry Ford
.@ximenaNR  Great job, we are all proud of you - one of our all time BEST!
You may want to watch David Letterman tonight - I am on!
Fact – the tighter the gun laws, the more violence. The criminals will always have guns.
“But if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you... it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun.” - @DalaiLama
I will be on @letterman tonight. Be sure to watch! Always a great time. @LateShow
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
It's record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming, we need some fast!
Goodnight everyone, sleep tight!
Politicians are ALL TALK, NO ACTION!  ---  just look at our country.
Who is paying for that tedious Smokey Bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already!
Almost no news organizations are showing the "satirical" pictures. Gee, I wonder why? The media is usually so brave!
I would like to thank @GolfMagazine for the really nice review of Trump National Doral - Best Renovation of the Year (and maybe all time).
Remember, when guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns!
Isn’t it interesting that the tragedy in Paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?
If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns, at least they would have had a fighting chance.
Congratulations to new Congressman @leezeldin being named to House Foreign Affairs Comm. and co-chair the House Republican Israel Caucus.
Why does Obama continue to release the worst of the worst from Gitmo?! Look at Paris and wake up!
My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris.
“Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.” - Henry Ford
Big announcement coming soon regarding South Carolina…
Congress must repeal ObamaCare. Obama will veto while Americans continue to lose their doctors &amp; pay rising premiums.
Congrats to @FLGovScott on today's inauguration and having done a great job!
Thanks to our loyal viewers &amp; fans, last night’s @ApprenticeNBC topped all the demos &amp; grew 24% in our regular slot premiere.
.@JuddApatow I agree!
I look forward to going to the Land Investment Expo in Iowa on Jan. 23. Record crowd—sold out venue. @LandExpo @PeoplesCompany
.@kevinjonas was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. Had he brought Lorenzo in, he would not have been fired.
Wow, despite the switch to Monday night, @ApprenticeNBC ratings were higher than even the Sunday night show.
Remember, after this, new episode starts - 5 MINUTES!
I will be live tweeting!
Celebrity Apprentice starts in 15 minutes on NBC. ENJOY!
Remember, tonight (Monday), the second and third episodes of The Apprentice are on at 8:00 &amp; 9:00. Great ratings last night 18 - 49. FUN!
#CelebApprentice We had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so I will do it again tonight from 8-10pm.
Don't forget, episodes 2 and 3 of @ApprenticeNBC are on tonight at 8PM and 9PM on @NBC.
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M. Will be talking about many things, including The Apprentice!
I will be LIVE tweeting tomorrow (MONDAY) nights TWO shows starting at 8:00 P.M. They are both great.
This show was taped just before the terrible Bill Cosby revelations came to light.She still should have asked him for money-goes to charity.
Hope you liked it. Tune in tomorrow night at 8:00 and 9:00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! Will be a great evening of television!
How do you like the boardroom so far?
This boardroom gets CRAZY! These people are wild
Who do you like - hate so far?
It's still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special!
This is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. You will soon see!
In less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of @ApprenticeNBC on NBC.
Everyone is asking me to cover The Apprentice LIVE on twitter. I will do so. Tonight 9 to 11. IT WILL BE A GREAT EVENING OF TELEVISION!
I will be commenting LIVE on Sunday night (9 to 11) on TWITTER - Celebrity Apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast!
I just saw the movie "Unbroken" -- very good except I thought the ending was weak, no retribution! And we complain about waterboarding.
The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there, the biggest and the hottest. Palm Beach is so lucky to have best club in world
To EVERYONE, including all haters and losers, HAPPY NEW YEAR. Work hard, be smart and always remember,  WINNING TAKES CARE OF EVERYTHING!
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing. Find work that you love and the energy will be there.
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
Where’s the electability? Jeb is losing to HRC by 13 points. A Bush will never beat a Clinton. Wake up @GOP!
.@CoachDanMullen  Great to have you and your GREAT team at Trump National Doral. Go out and finish your fantastic season in style!
If you can’t see it, it will never happen. Bring your vision to fruition through perseverance and hard work. That will build momentum.
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big.
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully or write poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks.
@foxandfriends in two minutes.
Can the relationship between the mayor of New York City and the police force ever be fixed?  Tune in to @foxandfriends at 7:15.
I will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:15" Hope you enjoy and agree!
Merry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day, year and life! The World, with great leadership, will become a much more beautiful place!
So many people think I will not run for President.Wow, I wonder what the response will be if I do. Even the haters and losers will be happy!
Dummy Bill Maher did an advertisement for the failing New York Times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic, bloated &amp; gone!
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Entrepreneurs: Absorb, assess, and then act. Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
Entrepreneurs:  Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
Entrepreneurs: Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
On @foxandfriends in two minutes!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning - Monday - at  8:00. Much to talk about!
Be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself, you can do it. Think Big!
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
Romney was the architect of ObamaCare. Bush’s Chief Justice legalized the monstrosity. Notice a trend?
A Clinton already defeated a Bush. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice &amp; expecting a different result.
If only Obama would treat @IsraeliPM @netanyahu with the same respect he awards tyrants. Very strange &amp; dangerous for our national security.
Obama now wants to deny due process to the police. He’ll give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops.
Not so smart after all … Man with name on Duke law library must pay me legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Should have settled … Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Pigs get slaughtered … again.  Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
The movie may be garbage but we can’t let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch.  @SonyPictures
Amy Pascal of Sony was totally used by Rev. Al Sharpton. She should be fired for stupidity.
Will be interviewed tonight at 7 by @greta re Sony &amp; Bush
I'll be co-hosting @extratv tonight. Be sure to tune in!
After destroying the Middle East &amp; our economy, the Bushes last gift was having Justice Roberts legalize ObamaCare. No more Bushes!
I can’t believe the great @wjcarter got canned by @nytimes. He was a fantastic reporter &amp; really knew entertainment. He will be missed!
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
Obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching @ESPN. Then he plays golf, fundraises &amp; grants amnesty to illegals.
Obama attacks the CIA for  waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the Islamist crosshairs.
THE LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH!
“See yourself as victorious! That will focus you in the right direction.” – Trump Never Give Up
How many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending #SmokeyBearHug commercial. How much is govt. spending?
“Revenge is sweet and not fattening.” - Alfred Hitchcock
The CIA deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. The CIA perseveres, the politicians whine!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - in 10 minutes. HAVE A GREAT DAY ALL!
No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.
Can you believe that Sony chief Amy Pascal wants to meet with Al Sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. Al is laughing at her!
The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick, who will be really good. It will just never change for them!
“Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world.The Marines don't have that problem.”- Ronald Reagan
Isn't it interesting that immediately after September 11th, everybody was asking for, and indeed demanding, torture of any kind. No reports!
When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal way,the report on torture should be the least of our concerns
The terrorists cut off the heads of Americans and laugh, then want to sell us the bodies for $1,000,000. We fight over sleep deprivation!
These Islamists chop Americans’ heads off and want to destroy us. We should be applauding the CIA, not persecuting them.
If America was under the threat of imminent attack, would Obama use torture or a kiss?
Policy towards our enemies: Hit them hard, hit them fast, hit them often &amp; then tell them it was because they are the enemy!
Obama &amp; Democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture. The world is laughing at us—they think we are fools!
I will miss @Letterman &amp; doing his show. He was always intriguing &amp; smart. You never knew what would happen --  but he was fair!
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Then go with your gut. Your instincts r there for a reason
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. And never give up!
Entrepreneurs: View any conflict as an opportunity. Being positive could lead you into a fortunate situation.
Conde Nast made a big mistake going into the World Trade Center. The place is a total disaster, and I feel this is only the beginning!
People are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new World Trade Center. Durst is a terrible manager. Tenants furious!
Durst is a disaster at operating the new World Trade Center. It takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security.
“Generals don't panic; then the troops never panic.” - @SHAQ
RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber apologized for his comments. He should apologize for the $2T monstrosity &amp; return all taxpayer money.
President Obama, Gruber and all of the other Obama cronies got ObamaCare passed by lies and fraudulent statements. Courts should overturn!
Glad to see RomneyCare/ObamaCare architect Gruber being eviscerated on the Hill today. He should return all taxpayer money he was paid.
ObamaCare continues to increase insurance premiums &amp; raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund.
Very sad &amp; dangerous that soon to be ex-Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein released the CIA report. Glad she is losing her Comm. Chair.
“The longer you play, the better chance the better player has of winning.” - @jacknicklaus
We're missing a lot of information on autism. Support @AutismSpeaks' project by visiting mss.ng #MSSNG
Sorry, @Rosie is a mentally sick woman, a bully, a dummy and, above all, a loser. Other than that she is just wonderful!
.@GolfMagazine is great, thanks!
Thank you @GolfMagazine for your fantastic review of The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral - "BEST U.S. RESORT RENOVATION" - &amp; "ALL TIME"
Wow, @GolfMagazine just rated the renovation of The Blue Monster the best of the year. Even better they stated it may be best of all time!
Our country and our "leaders" are getting dumber all the time. Now they are about to release full documentation on torture. Will destroy CIA
Congratulations to @BillCassidy on a decisive win this past Saturday. Bill will be a pro-growth &amp; pro-energy Senator.
The CIA report should not be released. Puts our agents &amp; military overseas in danger. A propaganda tool for our enemies.
They should close down Rolling Stone Magazine after the phony rape charge story. University of Virginia should sue them for big bucks!
I'll be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. So much to talk about!
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself! If you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: You have to have passion. If you love your work, success will follow.
I never gave anybody hell! I just told the truth and they thought it was hell. -- Harry S. Truman
“Failure has a thousand explanations. Success doesn't need one.” - Alec Guinness
“You can’t wear a blindfold in business. A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons.” – Trump: How to Get Rich
“Keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game.” – Trump Never Give Up
Congress must pass a budget and hold Obama to it. No more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. Republicans soon hold both houses.
“Each excellent thing, once learned, serves for a measure of all other knowledge.” - Philip Sidney
In the very least, Congress must defund Obama’s unconstitutional amnesty order.
It’s Tuesday. How many more ‘The View’ Execs will leak that they want @rosie gone? Show is failing.
Yesterday our national debt topped a record $18T. Over 44% has accrued under Obama. A real mess.
Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Keep your focus intact!
Young entrepreneurs: Your success is measured by results. Be productive in the face of challenges. Setbacks are not fatal.
So sad that Burt Reynolds has lost all of his money. I wish he came to me for advice--he would be rich as hell!
“Success is dependent on effort.” - Sophocles
If ObamaCare should not be repealed then why has Obama &amp; Congress exempted their staffs?
Obama is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow.
Congress’ greatest card against Obama is the power of the purse. Use it!
Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously.
.@WhoopiGoldberg Don’t let @Rosie speak badly of you or try to bring you down. She is rude, crude &amp; not smart. She is not in your league.
Congratulations to @NYCParks on quickly repairing the Lasker Rink. Record skaters this past Thanksgiving!
Rosie O’Donnell went after me again on The View in order to stir up her failing ratings. Nothing will help her--@Rosie always fails.
Ratings way down, show irrelevant. Why haven't they learned? @Rosie always fails.
THE U.S.G.A. Boy's Junior Champion at Trump National Golf Club, Bedminster, just won The Australian Open. We are proud of you  @JordanSpieth
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 A.M.  Enjoy!
Bill Cosby is foolish, stupid, or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent. Probably guilty! Not a fan.
Happy Thanksgiving - I hope everyone can get together to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It won't be easy, nothing is, but it can be done.
@tiberias84. Thank you! @macy's
Congratulations to @TrumpNewYork for being named #1 Best Business Hotel in NYC in @TravlandLeisure's 2014 World's Best Business Hotels.
President Obama has absolutely no control (or respect) over the African American community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency.
Who is the moron who decided to release the Ferguson grand jury findings after 9:00 o'clock in the evening. What were they thinking?
Our country is totally fractured and, with our weak leadership in Washington, you can expect Ferguson type riots and looting in other places
Sadly, because president Obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!
As China and the rest of the World continue to rip off the U.S. economically, they laugh at us and our president over the riots in Ferguson!
Can you imagine what Putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the U.S. as they watch the Ferguson riot
If the decision by the grand jury in Ferguson was the exact opposite, you would still be having the riots right now!
Despite having a black president, the racial divide seems greater than it has in decades.If Obama were a  leader, this would not be the case
Why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in Ferguson at 9:00 in the evening - a prime time for riots! Not smart.
Iran and the United States just pushed deadline back SEVEN MONTHS on working out a nuclear deal. Iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!
ISIS is starting its own currency. May be stronger than the dollar if ObamaCare is fully implemented.
There is no excuse for riots in Ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
Fact – Amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. Obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform.
Premiering on January 4th, the 14th season of @ApprenticeNBC will have major fireworks every episode. The Board Room is electric!
Congratulations to Chuck Hagel on one of the shortest tenures as Sec. of Defense. Another terrible appointee by Obama.
Defense Sec.Hagel has quit. Great news for our country. The guy didn’t have a clue—grossly outmatched by our enemies. Couldn't even speak
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - there is much to talk about (sadly)!  Enjoy!
Tom Brady played great today. He is a total champ and a really nice guy, a rare combination!
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are racist?
.@aaronschock  Aaron, it was great to meet you at Trump Tower. Also, really good job on television!
Congratulations to Bill O’Brien on being named the Republican Speaker of the NH House. Well-earned &amp; well-deserved. A great guy.
“Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion
“Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them.” – Albert Einstein
Entrepreneurs:  Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Entrepreneurs:  Problems are a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge.
If you really want to succeed, you'll have to go for it every day. The big time isn't for slackers. Keep up your stamina and remain curious.
They're going to riot in Ferguson no matter what.
You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal. -- The Art of the Deal
If we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. Obama’s executive amnesty is dangerous.
Iraq should be paying us while we fight ISIS. Give the money to the families of our brave soldiers.
I enjoyed meeting with @MattBlunt @TrumpTowerNY to discuss why our government must address currency manipulation. Many US jobs are at stake.
“Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character.” - Arnold Palmer
Repubs must not allow Pres Obama to subvert the Constitution of the US for his own benefit &amp; because he is unable to negotiate w/ Congress.
I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent, do not remain silent. You look guilty as hell!
If you don’t publicize your successes, your competitors will be sure to belittle them. Get the word out!
“If you like your plan you keep it.” = “Gruber is just some adviser.” Two of Obama’s greatest lies told to the American public.
“Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.” – Fred C. Trump (My father!)
For those that constantly say that “global warming” is now “climate change”—they changed the name. The name global warming wasn’t working
There are many Jonathan Gruber types selling the global warming "stuff" - and they really do believe the American public is stupid.
Entrepreneurs: always remember that deals are fluid. Terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success.
“The true competitors are the ones who always play to win.” – Tom Brady @Patriots
ObamaCare will continue to stop entrepreneurship, slow growth and halt research &amp; development. Defund, Repeal &amp; Replace!
“Remember that some things are worth waiting for. Plans can change, sometimes for good reason.” – Trump Never Give Up
At least ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber admitted, albeit privately, that we were lied to by Obama. Gang of Liars.
Congratulations to @SixteenChicago @TrumpChicago for being honored with a @MichelinGuideChi two-star rating again this year!
Just like Jonathan Gruber viciously lied &amp; called Americans “stupid” on ObamaCare, many consultants are doing the same on Global Warming.
Obama’s China ‘climate’ deal binds America with language of ‘will’ curb emissions now while China only ‘intends’ to curb in 2030. Bad deal!
ObamaCare/RomneyCare architect Gruber was paid over $6M with our tax dollars yet Obama only claims he ‘was some adviser.’
Deportations are now at a record low. Obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high. Secure the border!
I will be on @foxandfriends  in ten minutes - enjoy!
The entire country is  FREEZING - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming, and fast! Ice caps size reaches all time high.
I will be on @foxandfriends  tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be talking about sleazebag Jonathan Gruber ("Americans are stupid") &amp; exec order
. #LaskerRink.  We do not do the maintenance on Lasker Rink, that is done by NEW YORK CITY.
So Obama's top people responsible for ObamaCare think the American Public is stupid! All based on lies and deception! Repubs should sue.
Looking forward to addressing @TheEconomicClub on December 15th at the Marriot Marquis Washington, DC.
“Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.” – Mike Ditka
Left New Hampshire for Turnberry in Scotland, which I am renovating. This place is incredible! @TrumpTurnberry
I really enjoyed being in New Hampshire &amp; speaking for Joe McQuaid @deucecrew &amp; the Nackey Loeb School @LoebSchool honoring James Foley.
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high. Do the best you possibly can. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem. Keep your focus positive.
Obama’s attack  on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.
“Live Free or Die.” – motto of New Hampshire
Flying to New Hampshire to keynote the @LoebSchool First Amendment Award Ceremony. Always great to visit the Granite State!
Looking forward to seeing Joe McQuaid, Curtis Barry and my many friends in the Granite State!
Today is #VeteransDay. Let us be thankful for our nation’s finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms.
“If you can accept losing, you can't win.” - Vince Lombardi
The ObamaCare website still is not complete. $5 billion and no progress. Scary and sad!
Looking forward to keynoting the Nackey S. Loeb School of Communications First Amendment Awards event tomorrow in New Hampshire.
Thanks for all of the nice tweets re Sgt. Tahmooressi. Especially nice that the money will be sent today, #VeteransDay.
Happy #VeteransDay to all.  And it is nice to have Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi back home.
“The only source of knowledge is experience.” – Albert Einstein
Congratulations to @NHGOP &amp; @AFPFNH for winning control of the State House &amp; Executive Council while holding State Senate. Strong results!
It is my great honor to send $25,000 to Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. #marinefreed
A single Ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum. STOP THE FLIGHTS! NO VISAS FROM EBOLA STRICKEN COUNTRIES!
.@foxandfriends in five minutes.  Enjoy!
@HeatherChilders  You are doing a great job Heather!
I will be doing @foxandfriends at 8.00 a.m.
Remember, we don't get any oil from Iraq, China gets whatever ISIS hasn't already taken. So why isn't China sending the troops? Too smart!
Do not go back into Iraq unless they agree, in a signed formal instrument, to give the U.S. 50% of their oil reserves.Make the deal dummies!
We spent TWO TRILLION DOLLARS in Iraq and got NOTHING. Now we are going back and will again get NOTHING because our leaders are clueless!
We are now sending thousands of additional troops to Iraq to teach them how to fight - they will run, billions wasted! WHAT DOES U.S. GET?
We should immediately stop sending our beautiful American tax dollars to countries that hate us and laugh at our President’s stupidity!
Autism Speaks' Bob and Suzanne Wright will address the Pontifical Council on Health Care Workers at the Vatican in Rome. November 20-22
.@MikeAndMike   I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show at 7.05 a.m. (ESPN) - 10 minutes. Will be fun, great guys! Radio and T.V.
.@greta: Look forward to watching Greta's interview tonight at 7.00 p.m. with Marine Andrew Tahmooressi. #Marinefreed
“You just can't beat the person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth
Why did @AGSchneiderman have to fill out 3 successive ballots on Election Day? And this is our A.G.
Fact – every successful GOP Senate candidate just elected ran on repealing ObamaCare. In January, it’s time to move!
The new Congress must restore military spending &amp; stop Obama budget cuts. Also, hold Obama accountable on the VA.
@LukeBryanOnline You were great on The Apprentice! Congrats on your Big CMA win. I promise I won't take credit for your successful career!
Obama’s Amnesty Executive Order can now be stopped by Majority Leader McConnell with riders. That’s one reason we needed the Senate.
The Maryland Democrat Party attacked me with a racist flyer. @Hogan4Governor won, 2nd GOP governor elected in 40 years.
I recorded robo calls for @Perduesenate, @leezeldin &amp; @SteveKingIA. All had record wins. #MidasTouch
Yesterday was a referendum on ObamaCare &amp; all other Obama fiascos. Republicans can now rein him in.
Obama has now had two record &amp; historic midterm losses. There is Hope &amp; Change for America.
Congratulations to @CharlieCrist who has now lost a statewide election in Florida as a Republican, Independent &amp; Democrat.
Had @SenScottBrown asked me to do a robo call for him, I would have done it and he would have won.
.@Team_Mitch   Fantastic win, we are all proud of you! Your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not.
A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done!
.@FLGovScott: Amazing race, tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor!
One year ago I started calling President Obama INCOMPETENT and people thought it was too tough.     Tonight everyone is using that    word!
Looking like a really big night for Republicans - a tremendous refutation of President Obama and his failed policies!
.@Team_Mitch  Congratulations Mitch!
.@ericbolling  Great job on The Five tonight, and not only because you were so nice to The Apprentice. See you soon and thanks!
Good luck to @joniernst. You will make a wonderful Senator.
Today will be a big day @Team_Mitch for you in many ways. The country is lucky.
This season’s cast of  @ApprenticeNBC brings excitement to the Board Room. Lots of surprises &amp; great tasks. Enjoy – Jan. 4th!
Today the Democrats lose big. But tomorrow the Republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda.
Today is referendum on ObamaCare, Amnesty, slow growth, having your healthcare dropped &amp; all the other lies.
@ThomTillis, you have run a wonderful campaign. Good luck today!
Congratulations to @SenScottBrown on running an aggressive &amp; fair campaign. Vote for Scott today New Hampshire!
Very excited for @LaraLeaYunaska and @EricTrump’s wedding this weekend.
A Veteran &amp; true Conservative, @leezeldin will make a real difference in Washington. NY-1 GOP, GOTV for Lee tomorrow!
Congratulations to @SteveKingIA and his team on running a great campaign. Steve is a strong leader in the House.
.@MattGinellaGC Thx for the nice story @TrumpDoral. Look forward to showing you Trump Int’l in Aberdeen in the spring &amp; Turnberry plans.
I will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 8 (not 7).
.@MattGinellaGC  Don't forget to watch Matt tomorrow on Morning Drive talking about The Blue Monster and Trump Doral. @GolfChannel
.@SkyscraperLive: Nick, all of the folks at Trump International next door are wishing you well. We will block the strong winds!
.@MattGinellaGC @GCMorningDrive  Matt will be talking about Trump National Doral tomorrow A.M. Terrific guy, looking forward to it!
Obama/Reid/Nunn's failed economic policies are not working. @PerdueSenate will bring fresh perspective to solving problems. #GASen
Strong debate by @PerdueSenate. No question he won. We need more business leaders with bold vision to fix Washington. #GASen
Wow, so far everyone running for office who I did a ROBOCALL for has taken the lead in the polls -- the smart pols know this. GREAT!
.@TrumpDoral. Thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new BLUE MONSTER!
.@JudgeJeanine  Tonight at  9 P.M. on @FoxNews - ENJOY!
They finally let our Marine out of a Mexican prison, no thanks to Obama. Way too long. Such an event should never be allowed to happen again
The five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for ISIS-BAD DEAL! Courtmarshal
Having a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge - but still, never underestimate knowledge!
Many of the released Guantanamo detainees are now fighting for ISIS and other enemy groups.We need proper leadership before it is too late!
Crazy - Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad (unfair) for Republicans!
“The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.” – Vince Lombardi
Next Tuesday, remember how our president has not lifted a finger for USMC Tahmooressi. He only wants illegals to cross our border.
“You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.” – Albert Einstein
Jeanne Shaheen was the deciding vote for ObamaCare. Premiums have skyrocketed 90% for New Hampshire. Send @SenScottBrown to the Senate!
Mark Begich votes with Obama 97%. He opposes drilling &amp; supports Amnesty for illegals. Next Tuesday, vote @DanSullivan2014!
Happy Birthday @IvankaTrump! You are an amazing daughter!
“No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life.” – Samuel Goldwyn
I told you that the Giants starting Hudson was a mistake. Just got knocked out of the game. I love being right!
“When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.” – President Ronald Reagan
Entrepreneurs: Keep an open mind! Business is a creative endeavor. There are always opportunities and possibilities.
Entrepreneurs: Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from Africa for 21 days. But he still allows all who contract Ebola into country? Hypocrite.
Obama admin. called @netanyahu "chickenshit." Ironic since Bibi was an IDF Special Forces commando while Obama was a community organizer.
In game 7 of the World Series tonight, the Giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against K.C., even with two days rest.
Just out - the POLAR ICE CAPS are at an all time high, the POLAR BEAR population has never been stronger. Where the hell is global warming?
The U.S. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the United States under Obama. Nothing works, be it a rocket or website.
President Obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-U.S. citizens with Ebola to the United States for treatment. Now I know he's nuts!
Watch me on @SeanHannity's show at 10PM tonight on @FoxNews
Success requires 100% of your focus and 100% of your effort. Don't sell yourself short.
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
Mark Udall was the deciding vote for ObamaCare &amp; now 250,000 Coloradans were dropped from their plans. Vote @CoryGardner!
John Foust is a liberal who supports ObamaCare and opposes Ebola travel ban. Send Conservative @BarbaraComstock to Congress!
“I believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner.” - @JoeTorre
All the governors are already backing off of the Ebola quarantines. Bad decision that will lead to more mayhem.
WH refused a meeting with the Israeli Defense Minister. If only Obama hated Iran as much as he dislikes Israel.
ObamaCare has brought skyrocketing premium increases &amp; unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care &amp; job losses.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Don't waste time treading water.
Congratulations @Trump_Ireland for being named #12 resort in Europe by the @CNTraveler #ReadersChoice2014 awards!
6 @TrumpCollection hotels made @CNTraveler reader’s choice! @TrumpNewYork @TrumpSoHo @TrumpChicago @TrumpToronto @TrumpPanama @Trump_Ireland
I wonder how officials @TexasTech feel now after treating Coach Mike Leach with so little respect after their loss to @TCUFootball 82-27?
Fox &amp; Friends, going on now - enjoy!
Will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00. (30 minutes). A great deal to talk about including Ebola quarantine.
There are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these NFL games that they are no longer worth watching. Soft hitting &amp; boring!
I would absolutely consider investing in Atlantic City again, great and hard working people, but much would have to change-taxes, regs., etc
Yes, I won the right to have my name taken off Trump Plaza in A.C. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and NO involvement
I made a fortune in Atlantic City, got out years ago (great timing), and havn't been back in many years. I have NOTHING to do with A.C.
With all that is happening with Ebola, including the doctor who so easily came back to New York, Obama still refuses to stop the flights!
“Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.” – Babe Ruth
There is ZERO margin for error on Ebola. Are we confident in Obama when he can’t even make a website for $5 Billion?
Michelle Nunn supports Amnesty, a weak border &amp; ObamaCare. She is an Obama liberal. Send DC an independent voice. Vote @Perduesenate!
Canadian PM Harper immediately called the Ottawa attack terrorism. At least North America has a strong leader who lives in reality.
The Ebola doctor who just flew to N.Y. from West Africa and went on the subway, bowling and dining is a very SELFISH man-should have known!
President Obama, you are a complete and total disaster, but you have a chance to do something great and important: STOP THE FLIGHTS!
President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C. Ebola outbreak, with people flying in from all over the country, but decided to play golf!
I never thought I'd say it in my lifetime, but President Barack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Sotoro, is a far worse president than Jimmy Carter!
I have been saying for weeks for President Obama to stop the flights from West Africa. So simple, but he refused. A TOTAL incompetent!
Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C., with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.Obama's fault
If this doctor, who so recklessly flew into New York from West Africa,has Ebola,then Obama should apologize to the American people &amp; resign!
There is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in West Africa and who FLEW into New York has Ebola. Touched many, bedlam!
Double digit premium increases because of ObamaCare. Dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election, but news is spreading fast!
Tremendous pressure on President Obama to institute a travel ban on Ebola stricken West Africa. At some point this stubborn dope will fold!
Alison Grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry &amp; supports Obama's anti-gun legislation. Vote @Team_Mitch!
Liberal SD Dem candidate Rick Weiland wants to expand ObamaCare to single payer &amp; opposes Ebola travel ban. Send @RoundsforSenate to Senate!
“Dem candidates are all folks who vote with me.” – Barack Obama describing ALL Democrat Senate candidates
If Mitt Romney were in the private sector &amp; he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012, do you think he’d rehire himself for 2016?—I don’t!
Later today I’m being honored at the Park Hyatt in Washington, D.C. by the Wharton Club. The Joseph Wharton Award Dinner. A great honor.
Ben Bradlee was truly one of the greats. What an amazing life he led. My warmest condolences to Dino &amp; the whole family. #BenBradlee
I'm going to D.C. today to check on the hotel I'm building on Penn. AVE., and then being honored by the Wharton School of Finance, the BEST!
Why are we letting the three girls, who left the U.S. to join ISIS, back into the country? How stupid has our once respected country become!
If there is one more Ebola case in the U.S., a full travel ban will be instituted. This common sense move should have been done long ago!
The United States troops which were sent to West Africa have only gotten 4 hours of Ebola training - very unfair to them and their families!
The United States, under President Obama, has truly become the "gang that couldn't shoot straight." Everything he touches turns to garbage!
The U.S. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of ISIS as enemy laughs! Very sad!
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Don’t believe Kay Hagan on Ebola travel ban. She also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under ObamaCare. Vote @ThomTillis!
Obama will let Ebola fly into US &amp; drugrunners cross our border daily. But he won't pressure Mexico on Sgt. Tahmooressi. #FreeOurMarine
I will be in Washington, D.C. tomorrow to receive the 2014 Joseph Wharton Award at the Wharton Club of D.C.—a great honor! @Wharton
Oscar Pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty.The judge is a moron!
Wow, one of the all-time greats in fashion, OSCAR DE LA RENTA, has just died at 82. Great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy!
Oscar Pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. Ridiculous decision! Judge couldn't even read her own writings.
Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?
Congratulations to @TrumpCollection’s @TrumpPanama for receiving the Certificate of Excellence &amp; Top 10 Hotels in Panama from @TripAdvisor!
Congrats to @TrumpWaikiki for being named @Orbitz Best In Stay Elite Award Winner for Oahu for 2014!
.@AGSchneiderman must take a drug test immediately—make results public. NY Attorney General cannot be a cokehead.
I was never a fan of Bush, in fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama! But Obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president, can't get any worse
President Obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time, and the people of the United States are just plain tired of it!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00 - 45 minutes. Talking about Ebola, Obama and other strange U.S. happenings!
I just returned from Iowa - what a beautiful state. The people are amazing and the event for Congressman Steve King was a great success!
Do you believe Obama just said that America would be "less safe" with a travel ban from West Africa.This is the thinking of a total mad man!
The lobbyist and political hack that President Obama just appointed as the "Ebola Czar," just missed his first major meeting on Ebola-A joke
I'm leaving for Iowa now - will be great!
If I were president Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. If not,Mexico would pay a price like never before!
Do you think the 14 African nations that are banning West Africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? Perhaps not!
14 African nations have totally banned West Africans from entering their nations. Likewise many other nations. But the U.S. = "COME ON IN"
Obama just appointed an Ebola Czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. A TOTAL JOKE!
If you can’t see it, you can’t make it happen. Entrepreneurs, chase your dreams with resolute focus &amp; determination. Be positive!
Now Michelle Nunn will not admit she voted for Obama. Of course she did. Nunn supports ObamaCare &amp; is anti-Second Amendment.
The new Ebola czar will report to the WH &amp; NSA adviser Susan Rice. More mismanagement &amp; duplicity with CDC. Obama is terrible executive.
.@yuSiddiqui @piersmorgan @rustyrockets  I got much better—no contest—I got Melania!
.@piersmorgan Russell has nothing going for himself except for energy &amp; aggression. Without that he would be dead—a first class dummy!
Very excited to be returning to Iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend &amp; strong Conservative leader @SteveKingIA!
I love seeing that Graydon Carter and @VanityFair are failing so badly. He’s only focused on his bad food restaurants.
Looks like Obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from West Africa. What the hell is wrong with this guy?
.@katyperry  I watched Russell Brand and I think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. Russell is a total joke, a dummy who is lost!
.@katyperry  Katy, what the hell were you thinking when you married loser Russell Brand. There is a guy who has got nothing going, a waste!
.@katyperry must have been drunk when she married Russell Brand @rustyrockets – but he did send me a really nice letter of apology!
I watched Russell Brand @rustyrockets on the @jimmyfallon show the other night—what the hell do people see in Russell—a major loser!
The Ebola nurse should NEVER have been allowed to fly to Cleveland and (amazing) back again. Nothing works in our once great country anymore
I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho!
It is time for the airline pilots, flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from West Africa. Do it right now!
I just had a great victory against lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Most of his case re Trump U. was thrown out or gutted. Little remains
I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.
A nurse in Dallas who treated Ebola patient Thomas Duncan was allowed to fly to Cleveland.She should never have been so allowed! The real JV
With all of the words President Obama just dispensed at his press conference, he didn't say what we all want to hear,"I'LL STOP THE FLIGHTS"
“I don’t think you should ever run from history. You should learn from it and embrace it.” -@LAClippers Coach Doc Rivers
Young entrepreneurs – always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from.
Our president could not make a proper website with $5B. The website still does not work. How can we feel safe about Ebola?!
Looking forward to returning to the Hawkeye state this Saturday to support my friend and strong Conservative @SteveKingIA!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business &amp; jobs out of NY. Only wants self publicity—a total loser!
John @CahillForAG is one of the most respected people in politics. Dopey @AGSchneiderman is one of the least respected!
President Obama has a personal responsibility to visit &amp; embrace all people in the US who contract Ebola!
Obama still refuses to stop the flights. Is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - I say both!
It's Tuesday. @AGSchneiderman is wearing Revlon eyeliner today. Governor Cuomo alerted all to this.
Michelle Nunn will be a solid vote for  Obama. She supports ObamaCare &amp; opposes 2nd Amendment. Vote for  @Perduesenate to change things!
We pay for Obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf.
Alison Grimes will protect the 'sanctity' of her Obama ballot yet admits she voted for Hillary in primary. Hypocrite. Vote @Team_Mitch!
If you want more, you have to require more from yourself. -- Dr. Phil McGraw
So many problems in the U.S. and leadership that is hopeless...and now, on top of everything else, we just hit $18 trillion in debt!
As ISIS and Ebola spread like wildfire, the Obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change (aka global warming).
Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter
If Alison Grimes can’t admit she voted for Obama, even if she is embarrassed, then you can’t trust her! Vote @Team_Mitch!
The military generals are fuming at Obama. He has boxed them in against ISIS with a strategy that is destined to fail. Sad!
Happy belated birthday to Chris Wallace! Chris does a great job every week on @FoxNewsSunday. Like father, like son.
Just finished reading a poorly written &amp; very boring book on the General Motors Building by Vicky Ward. Waste of time! @WileyBiz
Think of this: After we spent $2 trillion on Iraq, Baghdad is about to be taken over by ISIS.
The @nfl games are so boring now that actually, I’m glad I didn’t get the Bills. Boring games, too many flags, too soft!
Even though I refused to pay a ridiculous price for the Buffalo Bills, I would have produced a winner. Now that won’t happen.
The people of Buffalo should be happy Terry Pegula got the team but I hope he does better w/the Bills than he has w/the Sabres. Good luck!
Wow, China exports rise 15% in September. They are laughing at USA!
.@foxandfriends in 15 minutes!
Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event, I'm just not watching them much anymore!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Ebola and ISIS will be topics.
I don't know if President Obama isn't stopping the flights from Ebola torn West Africa because he is stubborn, stupid, or just doesn't care!
Here we go - A healthcare worker who treated Thomas Duncan, the man who flew into the U.S. from West Africa infected with Ebola, caught it!
President Obama, NOW, bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from West Africa, before it is too late, AND STOP THE FLIGHTS!
Remember when I said when Saddam Hussein fell - the new leader of Iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the U.S. even more. Welcome ISIS!
If a conservative Republican made the mistake that Mrs. Obama just made by calling Braley by the wrong name, it would be the biggest story!
Michelle Obama made a terrible mistake in Iowa. When endorsing Bruce Braley before a large crowd, she called him Bruce Bailey seven times.
Isn't it ridiculous, starting today, new Ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from West Africa. Just stop the flights dummies!
Do you notice that because of Ebola, ISIS etc., ObamaCare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. A disaster!
Obama: “I will control Ebola.” = Obama: “If you like your health care plan, you can keep your healthcare plan.”
Wow. @nfl ratings are down big league. Glad I didn't get the Bills. Rather be lucky than good.
The @nfl ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. Boring games--too many flags--too soft!
The only reason I bid on @buffalobills was to make sure they stayed in Buffalo, where they belong. Mission accomplished.
.@AGSchneiderman should remove his eyeliner, as pointed out by Cuomo, when he does his commercials!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman will probably win only because he is a Dem in NY, but what a loser!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman, the worst attorney general in the US, is in a tough election with John Cahill  @CahillForAG
Obama is making the Ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the U.S. by not halting flights from West Africa. Airport testing a joke
If you are interested in balancing work and pleasure, you will never succeed!
I feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the West Africa to fight Ebola. Their families are up in arms. Not trained.
Tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing ON NEWS REPORTS the strikes were coming. DUMB
China is ripping wealth out Africa and yet, as usual, refuses to put anything back to help with Ebola. "Let the stupid Americans do it!" SAD
The residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. Buy now if you can!
The CDC chief just said Ebola is spreading faster than Aids. Marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. Stop all flights from West Africa!
Obama won’t send troops to fight jihadists, yet sends them to Liberia to contract Ebola. He is a delusional failure.
Congratulations to @piersmorgan on his new position as Editor-at-Large for the United States of @MailOnline! My Apprentice champ!
I have to admit @AlexSalmond is a tough, smart guy. He is formidable by any standard!
Right now 4000 U.S. troops are stupidly heading to West Africa to help fight Ebola.No help from China, Russia or wealthy African oil nations
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney
The U.S. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from West Africa, with uncertain results. STOP THE FLIGHTS YOU DUMB B's!
In a little reported event, China has just overtaken the United States as the NUMBER ONE World economic power! Great going Washington!
Even Jimmy Carter just released a statement saying that Obama doesn't have a clue. That has to be a new low!
Obama, stop the flights to and from West Africa NOW - before it is too late! Can't you see what's happening? Can you be that thick (stupid)?
Can you believe this fool, Dr. Thomas Frieden of CDC, just stated, "anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in West Africa" DOPE
Any American who fights with ISIS should have their passport revoked. Take them to Gitmo for interrogation.
The fight against ISIS starts at our border. ‘At least’ 10 ISIS have been caught crossing the Mexico border. Build a wall!
China has just overtaken us as the world’s largest economy. We are busy wasting $'s while China builds airports &amp; skyscrapers.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution, not the problem.
“Today's put-off objectives reduce tomorrow's achievements.” - Henry Banks
ISIS is advancing even against Obama’s airstrikes. Obama is disengaged and making the Middle East even more dangerous.
Obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. And the back-end of the website does not even work.
Obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.ISIS! Why isn't China and Russia helping - they gain so much!
I was relentless because, more often than you would think, sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. NEVER GIVE UP!
Real estate taxes are far too high @BriarcliffManor, Westchester. A total joke how they waste money! Replace Mayor Vescio.
When will Mayor Vescio and manager Zegarelli repave Pine Road in @BriarcliffManor?  It is a disgrace!
Be sure to enjoy the ‘50th Anniversary Chicago International Film Festival’ at @TrumpChicago, the Windy City’s top hotel!
USMC Andrew Tahmooressi should be freed immediately. He never should have been jailed in the first place. Weak leaders. #FreeOurMarine
Looking forward to being @TrumpSoHo this evening for  Corporate Meeting Planners reception for Trump National Doral @TrumpDoral
Congratulations @Jean_GeorgesNYC for 10 years of 3 #MichelinStars! Visit the restaurant in @TrumpNewYork for a meal you’ll never forget.
Just put in ad for a real estate executive: “Hard work, low pay, mean boss!”
Kentucky has a chance to have the Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell, representing it in Washington. Big power for State. Don't blow it
I can't believe Mitch McConnell isn't way up in the Kentucky polls. Massive seniority brings so much power and status to State. Brings K.$'s
Despite the ever increasing Ebola disaster, Obama refuses to stop flights from West Africa.It's almost like he's saying F-you to U.S. public
Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers.
I will be on On The Record @gretawire tonight at 7 PM
.@ScotGolfPodcast Work has not yet begun. We're in the approval phase. It will be amazing. You will love the final result.
Do you think crooked @AGSchneiderman will ever challenge the NFL tax status? No—too many friends and contributors in @nfl?
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends (@foxandfriends) at 7.00. Fighting Ebola will be a topic!
I'm not going to be watching much NFL football anymore. Too time consuming, too boring, too many flags and too soft. Focus on other things!
What the hell is Obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the U.S.! Is he stupid or arrogant?
I don't know what it is, but I'm getting totally bored watching NFL football. Too many penalties and far too soft! T.V. off and back to work
The Jets just don't have it. Time for a quarterback change!
President Obama, I have an idea! Pretend that West Africa is Israel and then you will be able to stop the Ebola area flights.
President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now, before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you?
Something very important, and indeed society changing, may come out of the Ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing: NO SHAKING HANDS!
This Ebola patient Thomas Duncan, who fraudulently entered the U.S. by signing false papers, is causing havoc. If he lives, prosecute!
If Ebola is so non-contagious, how come an NBC cameraman caught it so quickly while over in West Africa? U.S. is behaving very foolishly!
Can you believe that President Obama still hasn't stopped the flights and people pouring into the U.S. from West Africa. TERRIBLE PRESIDENT!
Really interesting, President Obama was quick to shut down flights to Isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from West Africa!
@not_that_actor   Wow Andy, such amazing writing and thought. Thank you!
Saw Michael Jordan and Ray Allen today playing golf at Trump National Doral, the Blue Monster. Great guys!
Ebola patient Duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with Ebola. He knew he did, and person died.
How incompetent are our leaders allowing these Ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed!
The Ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. Came into contact with over 100 people.Here we go-I told you so!
The brand new hotel at Trump National Doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in Miami.  Enjoy!
I just arrived at Trump National Doral in Miami where I'll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. This place is amazing!
Ebola is much easier to transmit than the CDC and government representatives are admitting. Spreading all over Africa-and fast. Stop flights
We have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming Syrian ‘rebels.’ What is wrong with Washington?!
Obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security. Commander-in-Chief?!
Our national security starts at the border. Do you think ISIS &amp; al-Qaeda are just in the Middle East?
How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled "Blackish"? Can you imagine the furor of a show, "Whiteish"! Racism at highest level?
Stop flights into the U.S. from West Africa immediately!
The woman who is the Secret Service Director looks like she is way over her head.Why can't the president appoint the best and the brightest?
The United States must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or Ebola will be all over the United States-a plague like no other!
How dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to West Africa to fight Ebola. Stop all flights
Here we go! I stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from West Africa. Now we have Ebola in U.S., AND IT WILL ONLY GET WORSE!
President Obama should stay out of the Hong Kong protests, we have enough problems in our own country!Can't even properly police White House
Fact--Obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the CIA or DOD. Too busy I guess!
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. Get out there and go for it.
It wasn't only that Obama saluted a Marine with a cup of coffee in his hand, but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee?
Jeanne Shaheen wants amnesty for illegals, placed the deciding vote for  ObamaCare &amp; opposes the 2nd Amendment. Vote her out in November!
Obama:“I will destroy ISIS” = Obama: “If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”
Johnny Miller—Great job this weekend. Most insightful and tough. See you at Doral.
Patrick Reed—We are proud to have you as our champion at Doral. Love the attitude &amp; the play. See you in March at the Cadillac WGC.
.@montgomeriefdn Your commentary this weekend was fantastic. People love what you say and how you say it.
.@Graeme_McDowell  You are the toughest guy there is. If you were a boxer you’d be the champ. Great going!
.@WestwoodLee Great going this weekend. You are a true champion!
.@IanJamesPoulter Great going and almost as importantly, your clothing line is selling well!
.@JustinRose99 The display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. Even the best putters couldn't believe it. You're amazing. See u soon.
.@McIlroyRory  What a year it has been for you  -- and this weekend topped it off. Fantastic job, see u at Doral.
I thought I was being nice to somebody re their parents. I guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting. Sad!
Some jerk fraudulently tweeted that his parents said I was a big inspiration to them + pls RT—out of kindness I retweeted. Maybe I’ll sue.
.@CharlieRymerGC  Charlie, call me - we'll set up a match with Gary and Damon. Doral now finished and doing great!
I will be doing @foxandfriends at 7.00 (15 minutes).
Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!
I will  be releasing the full interview with a guy named Baxter @antbaxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and @BBCWorld. Clowns!
I will be on @foxandfriends Monday morning at 7.00. A lot to talk about!
The animal who beheaded the woman in Oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty. The same fate - beheading?
I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT, will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that I will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN? I say they will!
Can you believe we still have not gotten our Marine out of Mexico. He sits in prison while our PRESIDENT plays golf and makes bad decisions!
My friend Derek is a special athlete and special person--there is nobody like him. @Yankees
“Success depends...on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself.” - @jacknicklaus
People are loving the new line of Trump ties and shirts at Macy's. Check them out!
Watching the Ryder Cup on @GolfChannel. Very interesting and tough matches. Amazing sport, my favorite!
I’ll bet if I didn’t harass Apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iPhone, they wouldn’t have done it—but it bends &amp; breaks!
When you’re in a fight with a bully, always throw the first punch—and don’t telegraph it—hit hard &amp; hit fast!
The U.S. should not be giving away our strategy &amp; tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. Just go and do what you have to do!
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends celebrating the holiday.
Someone unknown tweeted incorrectly that I'm for Sen. Mitch @McConnellPress for speaker. I'm supporting him for Senate Majority Leader
“Do more, be more, give more--and everyone will benefit.” – Think Like a Champion
Zegarelli and Vescio:  Pine Road looks like hell. Must be re-paved now—very bad for town.  @BriarcliffManor
According to many, ISIS was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would start bombing that they were able to prepare and hide
Why would the people of Kentucky want a rookie Senator– they have Sen. Mitch @McConnellPress who may be next Leader &amp; bring $’s to KY
“Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.” – Abraham Lincoln
Now Obama is having our army coordinate with Iran against ISIS. What’s next?
Obama’s rollout of his ISIS war plan is another unmitigated disaster. The Generals must be furious.
Briarcliff Manor Mayor Vescio is doing a terrible job. Taxes way too high, roads in terrible condition—repave Pine Road. @BriarcliffManor
Good morning. I will be on Fox and Friends at 7.00 (30 minutes). Enjoy! @foxandfriends
Our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose. We are unable to move forward painlessly.
The NFL should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable
The NFL image is really tarnished! Now, if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down, the NFL will be in big trouble. Boring games!
They just called this the biggest scandal in U.S. sports history (GMA). Roger looks really weak and indecisive, must put on a better front!
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Do you believe that Obama is giving weapons to "moderate rebels" in Syria.Isn't sure who they are. What the hell is he doing.Will turn on us
Why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into Ebola infested areas of Africa! Bring the plague back to U.S.? Obama is so stupid.
Roger Goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up. His street smart players are laughing at him and the NFL!
“Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.” - Stephen Covey
Brand new selection of Trump Signature Collection shirts and ties @Macys.  Go check them out.
The Wilson family should thank me. Pegula overpaid for the @buffalobills because of me!
Leading by 13 over Landrieu in a @FoxNews poll, @BillCassidy will beat her in November.
China's the leading exporter of Iraqi oil yet they won’t lift a finger against ISIS. Why should we do the heavy lifting for China’s gain?
Congratulations to Georgina Bloomberg on winning the inaugural Central Park Grand Prix CSI 3*  @MikeBloomberg
I am convinced that if @AlexSalmond had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over Scotland, the vote would have been much better for him!
The people of Scotland have spoken—a great decision. I wish @AlexSalmond well &amp; look forward to playing golf with him at Aberdeen!
Learn, work and think in equal proportions and you'll be going in the right direction.
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
@Luigiboria  Congratulations on getting the Miss Universe Pageant to come to Doral/Miami - it will be a great show and a tremendous success!
“Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.” - @VinceMcMahon
The Iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons &amp; training we gave them for 10 long years. When will we learn?
So Obama wants to bomb ISIS in Iraq &amp; arm them in Syria? What is he doing!
Are the Republicans going to blow their chance to take the Senate? Must focus on ObamaCare and amnesty.
It was a great honor to be on @MikeAndMike on @espn. Wow, the response was amazing!
“There is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option.”  -- Dean Smith
On Mike and Mike, @espn in two minutes!
In order to stop the Ebola outbreak in Africa, perhaps the President should put all Africans on ObamaCare rather than sending the troops!
“Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.” - Johnny Cash
Every day Mexico continues to hold Sgt. Tahmooressi is an insult to our country.
Just met with David Perdue @Perduesenate. He’s a fantastic guy who will fight hard against ObamaCare. He will win!
We must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the Ebola infected areas of Africa—before it is too late.
Entrepreneurs:  Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Does anybody notice that Atlantic City lost its magic after I left years ago. I had the big boxing, introduced UFC (ask Dana),the best shows
Can you believe that the U.S. will be sending 3000 troops to Africa to help with Ebola.They will come home infected? We have enough problems
It is so sad to see what has happened to Atlantic City. So many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airport, convention center, etc.
I left Atlantic City years ago, good timing. Now I may buy back in, at much lower price,  to save Plaza &amp; Taj. They were run badly by funds!
If you can’t focus with unyielding resolve, then you will never be successful. Believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals.
“Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong.” - Calvin Coolidge
Congratulations to Obama on building a strong economy. There are 49,500,000 people on food stamps. A historic record!
Obama’s promise to build an international coalition against ISIS is already broken. No one trusts him at home or abroad.
Good luck to the people of Scotland, whatever their decision may be on Thursday. The whole world is watching—really exciting!
I will be on Fox and Friends at.7.00 A.M. Enjoy!
I have nothing to do with Atlantic City-sold years ago (great timing). For losers and haters, I NEVER went bankrupt. Plus $10 billion, sorry
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game!
Secretary Kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting ISIS. They are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader!
“Always be prepared to start.” - Joe Montana
Sen. Kay Hagan voted for Amnesty &amp; ObamaCare. She is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with Obama. Vote @ThomTillis in November!
The so-called ‘moderate’ Syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to ISIS after Obama’s address. We should not be arming them!
The judge in the Oscar Pistorious case is a total moron. She said he didn't act like a killer. This is another O.J. disaster!
On 9/11, we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice &amp; our freedom.
They should have rebuilt the two buildings of the World Trade Center exactly as they were, except taller and stronger. A better statement!
I can't believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.!
Can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of ISIS and now we are spending billions trying to get him back!
Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up!
Middle Eastern countries must participate militarily (no running away) and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them!
I just want to know how much is Saudi Arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction. Pay up now!
If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the country—I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
I made a great deal of money in Atlantic City, but left years ago when I saw so many political mistakes being made. I have ZERO involvement!
“Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.” - Dean Acheson
Windmills are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional ‘global warming’ is worse.
Why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against ISIS? It puts our troops at a disadvantage.
Fact – Obama still has not fixed the backend of the ObamaCare website. This could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history.
New poll states that a record number of Americans have lost all faith in President Obama - duh!
“Learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day.” – Trump: How to Get Rich
With the labor participation rate at a 36 yr. low, over 92M Americans are out of the work force.
If amnesty is so popular according to the DC ruling class, then why is Obama delaying his executive action until after the election?
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends @foxandfriends at 7.00 a.m. (30 minutes). Enjoy!
Getting ready to pay final respect to GREAT LADY Joan Rivers. She could light up a room like no other! She will be greatly missed.
We just finished shooting a new season of Celebrity Apprentice and happily for all, Joan plays my advisor in two episodes. She was great!
Joan Rivers had great talent, but also truly amazing stamina and drive - she would never give up or quit. That is why she became a champion!
I will be going to the funeral of my friend Joan Rivers today. I got to know her really well when she became the winner of The Apprentice!
One of the big problems facing Atlantic City are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which I fought for years before leaving.Corruption!
Remember, anything you read about Atlantic City has nothing to do with me. I sold years ago and left. Good timing but very sad!
I just started construction of The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. Many jobs. Will be finest hotel in U.S. Watch it happen!
Attention all hackers: You are hacking everything else so please hack Obama's college records (destroyed?) and check "place of birth"
President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter
I'm not saying to not give vaccines, I am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time - not one massive dose for a child.
The ObamaCare website was hacked. $5B dollars later and the site can’t even secure your personal information.
China is going to complete 59 new theme parks by 2020, over $23B in expansion. That would take over 100 years in our country.
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi has now been held in Mexican jail for over 150 days. When will Obama call for his release? #FreeOurMarine
Best of luck to @chucktodd on his @meetthepress debut this Sunday.
“Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan
Joan Rivers @Joan_Rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend. Her energy and talent were boundless. She will be greatly missed.
“Mold yourself into the person who can do big things.” – Think Big
Senator Landrieu, If you are a Senator representing Louisiana, then you SHOULD own a home in the state. Send @BillCassidy to the Senate!
Any American who fights w/ ISIS in Iraq or Syria should have their passport revoked. If they try to come back in, send them to Gitmo.
China continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. Obama is sitting by and watching.
As we are learning the hard way both domestically &amp; internationally, hope is not a strategy.
I attended @Aerosmith concert last night in Newark, NJ. Doesn’t get any better than that. @IamStevenT was fantastic, great energy!
So many people who have children with autism have thanked me—amazing response. They know far better than fudged up reports!
I'm not against vaccinations for your children, I'm against them in 1 massive dose.Spread them out over a period of time &amp; autism will drop!
Entrepreneurs: Do not view any failure as the final say for your efforts. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.
Entrepreneurs: Never give up. Be tough. Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious.
Entrepreneurs: Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Entrepreneurs:  Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Know  exactly what you want and go for it.  Nothing should be haphazard.
I am being proven right about massive vaccinations—the doctors lied. Save our children &amp; their future.
No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horses—one vaccine at a time, over time.
Looking forward to being at the @RyderCupUSA announcement tonight.
Young entrepreneurs – be patient and continue to work with determination. With hard work, success will follow. Keep your focus!
“The idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited. All you have to do is tap into that well.” - @jack_welch
“I succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking.” - @Joan_Rivers
Saudi Arabia should fight their own wars, which they won't, or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth-$ trillion!
Have you been watching how Saudi Arabia has been taunting our VERY dumb political leaders to protect them from ISIS. Why aren't they paying?
Remember this, the worst doctors (by far) are celebrity doctors. If you see their names, or read about them in the newspapers, stay away!
In my book, @Joan_Rivers had a lousy doctor, shoving a camera down her throat at her age. Something went really wrong that should not have!
What is happening in Atlantic City, casino closures, is very sad - but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise? Timing
.@Joan_Rivers   Get well soon Joan - keep fighting!
“Every big thinker has had to start as a nobody. Just think big &amp; that immediately distinguishes you from the majority.” – Think Big
Obama once said he “would be ignoring the law” by granting amnesty through executive action. Now he’s about to do it. What will Congress do?
Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend, the wonderful and very talented Joan Rivers!  Winner of Celebrity Apprentice, amazing woman.
I have asked the reigning Miss Universe and Miss USA to do the honors. At least I will not have to wash my hair this morning! Enjoy.
I will be doing the A.L.S. Ice Bucket Challenge this morning on twitter. It is not something I look forward to doing but is for a good cause
We have got to get our Marine out of that disgusting Mexican jail. Would be so easy if we had a real leader. One tough phone call &amp; he's out
Congratulations to @Graeme_McDowell and @kristinstape. Your baby has seriously good genes, will be a champ!
.@bovanpelt. Bo, I heard you were great at Trump National Westchester - I am not at all surprised. Keep playing well, you are a winner!
.@VinceMcMahon @MikeTyson @HomerJSimpson I think I'm going to accept the #IceBucketChallenge- stay tuned to my Twitter tomorrow….
Obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi! . #BringBackOurMarine
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
 -- Abraham Lincoln
Remember, the harder you work, the luckier you get!
A state legislator w/ a true record of accomplishments, military vet @joniernst will make a tremendous US Senator. Iowa, send Joni to DC!
It’s Tuesday. How many jobs has ObamaCare cost the economy today?
Young entrepreneurs – be resolute in your drive for success. Gain momentum. Once you succeed, promote yourself!
With the record $200M renovations on track &amp; budget (a miracle in DC), Trump Int’l Washington DC is being built into a national marvel.
Emmy Awards show was terrible last night. Same shows winning over and over again (politics). Amazing race a joke. Host Seth Meyers bombed!
.@SenScottBrown is the most competitive GOP option against Obama’s amnesty loving @SenatorSheehan. He can win!
Obama sent weapons through Benghazi to ISIS yet he is holding up shipments to Israel. What is he thinking?
Obama’s motto: If I don’t go on tax payer funded vacations &amp; constantly fundraise then the terrorists win.
Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100%, he should be bunker busted to hell.
We will now be helping Syria and Iran by attacking ISIS - ironic, isn't it!
That Seth Meyers is hosting the Emmy Awards is a total joke. He is very awkward with  almost no talent. Marbles in his mouth!
I will be on @foxandfriends at 7.30 A.M.
Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel seems so lost and, frankly, dumb. He can't even speak properly. Poor leader in these very dangerous times!
The Greater Miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the Miss Universe Pageant. A decision will be made very soon!
“Chalk failure up to experience, don’t take it personally, and go find your next challenge.” – Trump: Never Give Up
“You may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. That’s tenacity, and it’s critical to success.” – Trump Never Give Up
Our politically correct country will read the ISIS terrorists who beheaded the reporter their Miranda Rights prior to good food &amp; care!
ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP!
@Assouline_M  Thanks Monique!
Re Negotiation: Persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn can be good. The key is to know when to loosen up.
Re Negotiation: Patience is an enormous virtue &amp; needs to be cultivated for successful negotiations on any level.
Re Negotiation: Know exactly what you want &amp; focus on that. View conflict as an opportunity--this will expand your mind and your horizons.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
 -- Theodore Roosevelt
The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam, it is a travesty that Obama did not attend Major General Harold Greene’s funeral
“Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work.” – Think Like a Champion
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
“When everyone works with the same energy, loyalty and focus, it makes for smooth sailing all around.” – Midas Touch
“If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.” - Albert Einstein
Just started building one of the great hotels of the World in Washington, D.C., the site of the Old Post Office. Will be amazing - JOBS!
Such amazing people in India. This trip is very enlightening!
I just had an amazing day in Mumbai, India. Building an almost 80 story building, super luxury, which is doing great! Press is going wild.
Be ready for problems. You’ll have them every day, so keep things in perspective. Ask yourself: Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?
Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss?
Entrepreneurs:  Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” - Walt Disney
“Diligence is the mother of good luck.”  - Benjamin Franklin
“If you are passionate about your endeavors, it will be reflected back to you in your end result.” – Trump Never Give Up
Just watched Full Metal Jacket, can't believe R. Lee Ermey didn't win the Academy Award as the drill sergeant. Political nominations!
Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor &amp; comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic.
“Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on.” – Think Big
“Remember that fear can be conquered. Go full throttle, and the odds will be on your side.” – Trump Never Give Up
“We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.” - 
  Vince Lombardi
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- Mark Twain
Sorry, won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning - will be in India on a couple of major business deals!
We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!
The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected!
“If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.” - 
  Sun Tzu
Obama will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Don’t believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.
Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake, as I said from the very beginning. Bush &amp; Obama should apologize
What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise?
Sorry, I won’t be able to do @foxandfriends at 7 AM on Monday—will be in India.
Discipline is a key ingredient for success. It will build character, motivation and bring opportunity.
Young entrepreneurs – remember quality and results are the key metrics to success.
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present.
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation begins.
Learning never exhausts the mind.
 -- Leonardo da Vinci
SECURE THE BORDER! BUILD A WALL!
“The belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.”-Winston Churchill
Thanks @MickyArison for your nice statement @BLTPrimeMiami @TrumpDoral. I just want to do as well as you have with @MiamiHEAT. See u soon
Think big. Stay focused. Be passionate. Don’t ever give up
Congratulations to @rushlimbaugh on his recent 26th year anniversary. Rush has revolutionized talk radio! Sorry haters and losers!
We are going through contentious primaries now but the GOP must unite. Let’s take the Senate and stop Obama’s dangerous agenda.
The $200M in renovations of Trump Int’l Washington DC are on track. The Old Post Office is being transformed into true luxury.
It’s Tuesday. How many fundraisers, travelling on the taxpayer dime, will Obama hold today?
“Being true to yourself…will give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way.” – Midas Touch
Our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases. Our leaders are inept.
So many people are agreeing with me on not creating a "highway" for Ebola to the U.S. Started in small area of Africa and now spreading fast
The bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS!
A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients, but should bring docs to them.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Briarcliff  Manor should get a better town manager. Philip Zegarelli has no clue—bad roads, a total puppet of the mayor?  @westchestergov
Mayor Bill Vescio of Briarcliff  Manor, Westchester, is doing a terrible job. Horrible roads, high taxes, housing down. @westchestergov
We should have taken the oil in Iraq, and now our mortal enemies have got it, and with no opposition. Really dumb U.S. pols! I'm so angry!
Isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of Iraq, and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. I told you so.
.@FrankLuntz works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser!
The fact that we are taking the Ebola patients, while others from the area are fleeing to the United States, is absolutely CRAZY-Stupid pols
The U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our "borders." Act fast!
If you read my last number of tweets, only one opinion can be formed - that our President, and therefore "leader," is grossly incompetent!
The ObamaCare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought, AND IT DOESN'T WORK! Big trouble!
So many lives and two trillion dollars wasted, and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the World. Such stupid leaders
Just as I have been predicting for years, Iraq will fall to the people that hate  the U.S. the most - just outside of Baghdad."Keep the oil"
The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!
.@David_Cameron  Why do you give Scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes &amp; E bills
.@David_Cameron As Prime Minister, why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in Scotland that nobody wants?
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
 -- Henry Ford
“Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith.” - Steve Jobs
Stop the EBOLA patients from entering the U.S. Treat them,  at the highest level, over there. THE UNITED STATES HAS ENOUGH PROBLEMS!
Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days - now I know for sure that our  leaders are incompetent. KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE!
If our border is not secure, we can expect another attack. A country with open borders is open to the terrorists.
With our weakened dollar, gas will continue to rise. Fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs.
“Developing your talent requires work, and work creates luck.” – Trump Never Give Up
If Vera Coking had taken my millions of $’s like she should have, she would have lived for many years in Palm Beach, Florida.
Vera Coking saved me “mucho” money by turning down my offer—thanks Vera!
Vera Coking made a big mistake in Atlantic City by turning down many millions of $’s years ago for property that just sold for $530,000.
In order to be successful, especially to be very successful, you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure!
In any business, there will be ups and downs. If you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times.
“Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.” – Rev. @BillyGraham
It's time for Mountain State to have a Senator who will stop Obama’s war on coal. This November send DC a message, vote for @CapitoforWV!
Home ownership is at a 19 year low. If you can, buy now. You will thank me later.
Obama should work on a ceasefire in Chicago as well as Gaza.
PM @David_Cameron should be run out of office for spending so much of England’s money to subsidize windfarms in Scotland.
I can’t believe that Prime Minister @David_Cameron is giving massive subsidy to Scotland to destroy itself with windfarms.
.@Andre_Reed83. Congratulations Andre, you deserve it!
Celebrated doctor @BillCassidy will be a tremendous Senator. Louisiana – send a Conservative to the Senate, vote for Bill this November!
When in doubt, Obama fundraises. He has held 393 fundraisers in six years. Another record.
Youth unemployment is at a record high. ObamaCare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers. It must be repealed.
Watch – Obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. Instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty.
Obama spoke to the Mexican president last week &amp; did not mention UMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Sad!
“Be ready for problems-you’ll have them every day. Keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges.” – Trump Never Give Up
It's late in July and it is really cold outside in New York. Where the hell is GLOBAL WARMING??? We need some fast!  It's now CLIMATE CHANGE
“Successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity.”- Reed Markham
The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!
Obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for ObamaCare but he can’t fix the illegal loophole.
This summer is very tough for the nation’s worst AG @AGSchneiderman. Moreland Commission is his disaster.
Watched Gennady Golovkin @gggboxing at MSG on Saturday night. He was fantastic--should fight @FloydMayweather!
So many major problems for the U.S., and no answers by our leaders. When will it all change?  Many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
@LateNightSeth  I am not surprised that Seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! He is truly an awkward, mumbling jerk. Too bad!
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- Andy Warhol
“Be objective and strive to be your own counselor. Listen to others but know the final decision is yours.” – Think Like a Champion
“Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.” - @MuhammadAli
I say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force 1, at a cost of millions of dollars a day, for the purpose of politics &amp; play!
Sgt.Thamooressi has been held in Mexico for 115 Days. Mexico has zero respect for our border &amp; our servicemen. Boycott!  #freeourmarine
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.
 -- Vince Lombardi
“Winners embrace hard work.” - @ESPNDrLou
Iran will only get stronger in Iraq with the latest civil war. We should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion.
The best way to build a successful business is by results. In the end, that is what counts.
Less than 1% of Obama’s $4B immigration request will go towards immediate border security. A real scam. Enforce our laws now!
Obama is on yet another two-day West Coast fundraising swing. Has to fit it in before his 15 day tax-payer funded vacation.
.@usgsa A momentous day. Great job on Old Post Office--we will make you proud!
Wow, Obama really put it to Israel by canceling flights there. This puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. Tourism and more will just stop.
Why is Washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our VA is still in shambles? Vets should be the priority.
Going to D.C. for big groundbreaking on Old Post Office site. Will be spectacular new hotel. Lots of jobs!
We are now at a time, perhaps more than ever before, when the World needs GREAT leadership!
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -- Winston Churchill
Thanks @LilJon for coming to my defense in Rolling Stone Magazine. As I have often said, you are a terrific guy!
“Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory.” - Bill Russell
“It takes guts to win, fortunately, most people don’t have guts!" -- Donald J. Trump
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is!
It takes "guts" to win!
I believe that President Obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the U.S. and throughout the World that he has totally given up!
Obama wanted Putin to reset. Instead, Putin laughed at him and reloaded.
Many people have said I’m the world’s greatest writer of 140 character sentences.
It’s Monday. How many fundraisers will Obama hold today?
.@jimmykimmel is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One ($’s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.
Re Negotiation: Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Remember the old saying "The more you learn, the more you realize you don't know" -- it's true. Learning is a daily challenge.
Give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. – Babe Ruth
.@McIlroyRory  Great job Rory - you have the heart and talent of a great champion. Work hard and win many more! See you at Turnberry.
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 (20 minutes). Plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! Too bad.
“Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.” - F. Scott Fitzgerald
“Create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.” - Orson Welles
See yourself as having a lot already, and keep your integrity intact. It’s the best path to comprehensive success. -  Think Like a Champion
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
 -- Abraham Lincoln
Adversity is a fact of life. Be bigger than the problems, be ready to fight for your rights, &amp; all will be well – Trump Never Give Up
Problems are never truly hardships to winners, &amp; if you haven’t got any, then you must not have a business to run.
Winning isn't everything, but the will to win is everything.
 -- Vince Lombardi
Congrats to Obama &amp; Democrats. CBO has just announced that ObamaCare missed its uninsured target by half &amp; program costs extra $700B+.
“You can always become better.” - @TigerWoods
If Obama is concerned about the border, he should stop vacationing. Gov't will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration.
Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the ObamaCare website.
“Out of clutter, find Simplicity. From discord, find Harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies Opportunity.”–Albert Einstein
The best vision is insight.
 -- Malcolm Forbes
John Cahill is highly respected in all circles—really nice to see that he’s running for New York State Attorney General. @CahillForAG
Lucky for New York, highly respected John Cahill is running for NY State AG against incumbent lightweight dope @AGSchneiderman @CahillForAG
Again, I have nothing to do with the Atlantic City closing - I have not even been there in many years. Some press was accurate, some not!
Tremendous cold wave hits large part of U.S. Lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - G.W. just doesn't work!
Diligence is the mother of good luck. -- Benjamin Franklin
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. -- Albert Einstein
Mexico sent USMC Andrew Tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. Mexico does not respect our border or U.S. Boycott! #FreeOurMarine
Iran looks like it is toying with John Kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. Negotiation is just not his thing!
The @Washingtonpost reported about the closing hotels in Atlantic City but knowingly failed to report that I am not involved, left years ago
Can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the U.S. for the freedom of traitor Bergdahl. Just another bad deal!
Deserter Bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve. Obama trying to play this mistake down!
The only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak U.S. leader
The new hot term that they have recently invented is POLAR VORTEX - give me a break!
They only changed the term to CLIMATE CHANGE when the words GLOBAL WARMING didn't work anymore. Come on people, get smart!
Refloating the Costa Concordia for many hundreds of millions of $'s is ridiculous. Should have taken it apart in small pieces - save fortune
It is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. No wonder their ratings are way down! Enough already.
Record cold temperatures in July - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. What the hell happened to GLOBAL WARMING?
Again, for all of the haters and losers, I have NOTHING to do with Atlantic City - got out a long time ago!
I can't believe that 60 Minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see (at request of U.S. leadership). STUPID!
THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
I have nothing to do with the Plaza Casino in Atlantic City. I have not been involved with Atlantic City for many years. Used to love A.C.!
The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: Hard work, stick-to-itiveness, and common sense.
  -- Thomas A. Edison
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
 -- Winston Churchill
...Mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader.
Mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now it’s no longer laughter—it’s disbelief...
.@JustinRose99 Great playing today in the Scottish Open. I see our practice facility is helping—use it a lot!
On June 1st. near Washington, D.C., I will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the U.S. All holes front on the Potomac River
Rosie is crude, rude, obnoxious and dumb - other than that I like her very much!
Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
If a person is #1 at Harvard and comes from Europe or Asia, they can't get into the U.S. From Mexico etc. with a criminal record, no problem
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
 -- Albert Einstein
“Don't fight the problem, decide it.” – General George C. Marshall
“You have to keep going and moving forward, no matter what is happening around you or to you.” – Think Like a Champion
“Let your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you.” – Trump Never Give Up
Mexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country &amp; to our very stupid open door. The Mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by.
When will the U.S. stop sending $'s to our enemies, i.e. Mexico and others.
USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. While Obama is welcoming illegals, our Marine is locked in a Mexican jail. #FreeOurMarine
Our gov’t should immediately stop sending $’s to Mexico, no friend, until they release Marine &amp; stop allowing immigrant inflow into U.S.
.@AlexSalmond I hope you played well at Royal Aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting &amp; inappropriate.
The most stringent gun laws in the U.S. happen to be in Chicago - and look what is happening there!
Obama looks exhausted and beaten. He was never made or prepared for the job. Like it or not, he doesn't have "it"
Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on being named to 2014 @MLB @AllStarGame!
Obama is in Texas but will not be visiting the border. He is too busy fundraising!
“As you go through life, you've got to see the valleys as well as the peaks.” – Neil Young
There is only one person who should be crossing our southern border, USMC Sgt. Tahmooressi. Boycott Mexico? #FreeOurMarine
We should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. Why are we giving them money in the first place?
If only the illegals were Tea Party members then Obama would get them out of the country immediately.
“Set the example, and you’ll be a magnet for the right people. That’s the best way to work with people you like.” – Think Like a Champion
Thank you to @GolfweekMag for naming Trump International Golf Links Scotland #1 -- GB&amp;I Best Modern Course  -- A great honor!
Just looked at new selection of Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts @Macys  -- fantastic! Would make great gifts!
“Listen to others but never negate your own instincts.” – Trump Never Give Up
Our country will soon be relegated to THIRD WORLD status if proper decisions are not made by our president. He was never qualified for job!
The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. We need new leadership FAST!
“America is the experiment that works.” – President Ronald Reagan
Obama’s statement that illegals “can’t stay” = Obama’s promise “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.”
Buy at the point of maximum pessimism; sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- Sir John Templeton
Let this be the day you go for your dream. Focus, don't give up, and only accept total and complete victory. You can do it!
@Trump_Charlotte  I heard the fireworks show was amazing. Such a great club deserves it! See everyone there soon - fantastic place.
Happy 4th of July to everyone,  including the haters and losers!
Do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in Iraq look bad, or what? Everybody wants their oil - only made possible by U.S.!
After foolishly spending two trillion $'s and losing so many great young people, the U.S. will be the only one who won't get the oil in Iraq
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
 -- Abraham Lincoln
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.--  Ralph Waldo Emerson
.@SharkGregNorman @Trump_Charlotte Looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention course"  Thank you.
I never quit trying. I never felt that I didn't have a chance to win.
 -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag
There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Trump Turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon,  Scotland time. The place is amazing!
Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire, a dream, a vision.  Muhammad Ali
Entrepreneurs:  Stay focused and be tenacious. Remain fixed on your goals.
Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious: Look at the solution, not the problem.
Amazing. People are sending letters of support for @TrumpChicago’s sign to my other properties, including even @TrumpScotland. Thank you!
What can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
The more you know, the more you realize how much you don't know. How can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
Business is a creative endeavor. Cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big.
I look forward to my press conference @TrumpTurnberry Scotland this Wednesday--lots of great people attending.
Always remember, I was the one who got Obama to release his birth certificate, or whatever that was! Hilary couldn't, McCain couldn't.
I am in Ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful Atlantic Ocean property. It is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! DOONBEG
Ask yourself: What am I pretending not to see? There may be some great opportunities right around you.
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business out of New York for his own public relations benefit. A real dope!
I know Shia LaBeouf @thecampaignbook and when sober, a really nice guy. Must get act together fast before too late.
I just arrived in Barcelona. I make a big speech tomorrow and then off to Ireland and Scotland.
Practice positive thinking--this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental.
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.
Success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less.
Control your own destiny or someone else will.
 -- Jack Welch
Our Q1 GDP was -2.9%. Worst in memory --  ObamaCare killing jobs, stopping growth and making small business insecure.
I'm leaving now for Ireland, Spain, Scotland and elsewhere--crazy life!
After these spirited primaries are over, @GOP must be fully united for November. If we take the Senate, we stop Obama’s agenda.
Someone just wrote that “you predicted every single major event that’s now happening—and they knock you instead of giving you credit.”
As Iran began the process of taking over Iraq, many people wanted me to say that “I told you so!” – so, I told you so.
…In other words, Secy John Kerry is so out of his element…
Secy John Kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w/ those characters who are cleaning his clock. Sad to watch...
Eli Wallach was a great actor and a great guy. My opinion-- his performance in The Good the Bad and the Ugly was his all time best!
I look forward to my press conference on Weds of next week @TrumpTurnberry to discuss changes &amp; big investment I'll make. Very exciting!
“Failures are expected by losers, ignored by winners.”  -- @CoachJoeGibbs
It’s Thursday. Which brand of eyeliner is the nation’s worst AG @AGSchneiderman wearing today?
If you entered our country illegally and are then granted amnesty, why would you abide by other laws? No Amnesty!
Now Syria is bombing Iraq and Secy. Kerry, after we blew the hell out of the place, says please don't do that. Syria is a front for Iran.
Boycott Mexico until they release our Marine. With all the money they get from the U.S., this should be an easy one. NO RESPECT!
Congrats to @leezeldin on a great victory. I hope my robocalls helped!  #NY1
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
 -- Mark Twain
“The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle.” – Steve Jobs
The 9.11.12 attack on the Benghazi consulate was a sophisticated, multi-prong wave attack. When will all the 50+ fighters face justice?
The Benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our Vets at the VA. Obama has his priorities.
A @senatormcdaniel win is a victory for our country. Chris is a Constitutional Conservative who'll make a difference in Washington.
I am the only potential owner of the @buffalobills who will keep the team in Buffalo, where it belongs!
I hope voters in Mississippi cast their ballot for @senatormcdaniel. He is strong, he is smart &amp; he wants things to change in Washington.
Great going @themichellewie –you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real. We love you at Trump Jupiter @TNGCJ
Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you.
 -- Arnold Palmer @KingdomMag
It’s Monday. How much will premiums rise today because of ObamaCare? REPEAL!
The failing @NYDailyNews which just raised its prices because it’s dying, said I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Dishonest.
The dying @NYDailyNews asked me to do an Editorial on the Central Park 5 ripoff  &amp; then they pretend it was my idea. Loser newspaper!
I wonder if when Secy. Kerry goes to Iraq and Afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at GLOBAL WARMING and study the carbon footprint?
Do you believe that Secy. KERRY just went to Egypt to talk about "human rights problems" and this as everything is being blown up around him
.@Graeme_McDowell   Great playing Graeme - you are a true champion!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 10 minutes.  Much to talk about, enjoy!
I'd bet the lawyers for the Central Park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of N.Y.C. when there was such a strong case against their "clients"
How much money are the lawyers for the Central Park Five getting out of the 40 million dollars, or are they paid  by the City (or both)?
N.Y. City is paying FORTY MILLION DOLLARS to five men that many think are guilty as hell. So many facts -  should have been trial. Politics!
I loved the day Paul Goldberger got fired (or left) as N.Y.Times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. Kamin next!
Why isn't Mexico releasing our Marine. U.S. should come down really hard on them. They have ZERO respect for our so-called "leader"
“When you’re at a meeting, monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and of others.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“Competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears.” - Bobby Jones
I actually enjoyed the piece re sign @TheDailyShow. Could it be that I’m starting to like Jon Stewart?
.@PrimeMinisterSX has no clue what’s going on in St. Maarten. Mullet Bay is a third world slum.
Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus
“Hook your career to a big trend. There are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions.” – Think Big
PM Sarah Westcot-Williams incompetence should not be rewarded. You should vote for anyone who runs against her—loser! @PrimeMinisterSX
Mullet Bay Golf Course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of St. Maarten. @PrimeMinisterSX  should be ashamed for allowing this.
Every day St. Maarten loses vital tourism dollars due to the incompetence of PM Sarah Westcot-Williams. @PrimeMinisterSX
Manufacturing is now less than 9% of US GDP. The Rust Belt, heart of our country’s factory sector, has been destroyed by our leaders.
What took so long to catch only 1 of the Benghazi terrorists? Especially after the killer has been taunting the US in the press f/2 yrs.
US Army Reserve @leezeldin will bring Conservative solutions to DC. Next Tuesday, vote for Lee in the NY-1 primary. #zeldinforcongress
Will the Benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? If so, will Obama apologize to him?
A country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail. Another broken promise by our leaders in Washington.
Every poll shows high approval of the new sign on @TrumpChicago. I am honored by the great support.
AMERICA USED TO BE THE LEADER OF THE WORLD. THANKS TO OBAMA AMERICA ISN'T EVEN LEADING FROM BEHIND.
Just met with the incoming Speaker of the Florida House, @SteveCrisafulli – a fantastic guy! He will be a truly great leader.
I was right—TV ratings for US Open are way down from last year. People don’t want to look at a burned out, ugly course!
“No one remembers who came in second.” – Walter Hagen
With our border not being secure, Obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. An attack is on him.
I will be doing The Howard Stern Show at 7 a.m. (10 minutes). Always fun, and interesting, talking to Howard!
It's time to let Pete Rose, the all time hits leader, into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Enough already!!!!!
I bought the great Turnberry Resort today - considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the World. I will take good care of it!
Success comes with hard work, focus and luck. The luck comes to those who seek it out. If you are not in the game, you cannot get lucky.
When ISIS caught the soldiers, do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them?
Iraq is no longer our problem. We never should have been there in the first place!
The VA scandal will only get worse over the time. Our vets deserve the best care possible. We must be open to private solutions.
Congratulations to @spurs on their @NBA championship. Well-deserved.
If anybody else but Coore and Crenshaw designed Pinehurst they would be run out of town—(and the turtleback greens are totally unfair)!
The only reason I am critical of the Pinehurst look is because I’m a lover of golf—and that look on TV hurts golf badly.
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 - 2 minutes.
Big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great Turnberry Resort in Scotland!
Congratulations to Martin Kaymer for winning the 2014 #USOpen. #USGA" Great playing from beginning to end!
@MattGinellaGC   Matt, how many club championships have you won? I hear zero, or 18 fewer than me! Lets play for a lot?
@MattGinellaGC  Matt, you know nothing about quality golf or what it takes to make golf successful. You are all talk, no substance!
@MattGinellaGCSadly Matt, you don't understand golf (even though you think you do).I have numerous couses that are far superior to Pinehurst
@MattGinellaGC  I have watched Open Championships at Turnberry, one of the great golf courses of the World. Pinehurst not in the same league
@MattGinellaGC  My position on Pinehurst is correct - bad for the game, a dried out cow pasture. You have no clue but keep trying!
Johnny Miller correctly very critical of greens at Pinehurst. Said they should be "redone"
I'd bet the horrible look of Pinehurst translates into poor television ratings. This is not what golf is about!
@GolfDigestMag  Big news from Scotland on Turnberry (which, by the way, blows Pinehurst away!) tomorrow morning. Stay tuned.
.@HollySandersGC. Remember, it was Martin K who sank the big ten footer to win the Ryder Cup. He can handle the pressure!
I would like to wish all fathers, even the haters and losers, a very happy Fathers Day.
.@BlairKamin Blair, you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about Trump Chicago &amp; sign PR
.@MattGinellaGC  Have you ever seen Trump National/Bedminster or Trump International Golf links in Scotland. Both far better than Pinehurst!
.@MattGinellaGC Matt, the statement about Pinehurst looking like a local community golf course,"awful", was not made by me but tweeted to me
.@MattGinellaGC  It's true Matt, the NEW "Blue Monster" is better than Pinehurst, so is Bedminster. Turnberry &amp; Trump Aberdeen blow it away!
I have been very consistent and always said that Iraq would fall as soon as the U.S. left. What a terrible waste of lives and money!
Iran will convince our incompetent President that they are trying to help us with Iraq, take over the country &amp; oil, and "O" will say thanks
Turnberry in Scotland is a far superior golf course to Pinehurst - and it isn't even close! Likewise the Blue Monster at Doral.
Iran is moving troops into Iraq under the guise that it is helping out. Actually, they will take over Iraq and all of their oil. Stupid U.S.
If you want to be successful in business, you must take risks. Make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback.
W/ the ransom Obama paid for deserter Bergdhal, getting Mexico to release USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi is much harder. #BringBackOurMarine
Jailed USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi should be released immediately. Since when does Mexico care about border security?#BringBackOurMarine
Had a great time yesterday on @theviewtv with @WhoopiGoldberg, @JennyMcCarthy,  @SherriEShepherd &amp; guest host @MrJerryOC!
The Iraqi Army is useless. President Obama, stay the hell out of Iraq (we should never have been there in the first place).
We should never have gone into Iraq but, once in, should have gotten out a lot faster. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Dopey @chicagotribune critic fails to mention the ugly Sun Times sign.
Before I bought the site, the Sun Times had the biggest, ugliest sign Chicago has ever seen. Mine is magnificent and popular.
In answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator, the answer is Darrell Hammond.
People are LOVING the Trump sign on the Chicago building. Big league tweets, letters and calls…
A third rate architecture critic--who I thought got fired—for the failing @chicagotribune likes the building but doesn’t like the Trump sign
I told all of the haters and losers long ago that Iraq would fall, take the OIL or get out fast! Massive waste of lives and trillions of $'s
Iraq told us to get out, Iraq is now falling, and Iraq now wants us to come back! Don't do it unless we get the OIL, and I mean ALL OF IT!
Iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - Bush got us in and Obama took far too long to get us out!
BTW The Miss USA pageant was the highest rated non-sports telecast on the Big 4 networks. Congrats to our newly crowned @Nia_Sanchez_!
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. --  Aristotle
The @GOP primary voter spoke last night in VA-7 &amp; @DaveBratVA7th won going away. Now the party MUST stand behind him! Unity Unity Unity!
Congratulations to @BretBaier on the immediate &amp; tremendous success of his book ‘Special Heart.’ Already in its third printing!
Iraq is far worse and of more danger to the U.S. now than it ever was under Saddam Hussein - and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!
Eric Cantor's concession speech was ridiculous - acted like nothing had just happened. WE NEED REAL LEADERS!
As I have said, the Tea Party is alive and well and fighting hard for the USA. BIG WIN TODAY!
Tea Party takes down Eric Cantor - REALLY BIG WIN!
What I am saying is that we never should have been in Iraq in the first place. Bush was terrible, Obama is worse! Make America GREAT again.
I told you so a long time ago: Iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. Only the beginning!  OIL.
Five U.S. soldiers killed in Afghanistan by so-called friendly fire. What are we doing?
“The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – General Douglas MacArthur""
.@mdamelincourt  Thanks M, you are doing a great job at Trump Toronto!
Negotiation tip: Know exactly what you want and focus on that. Trust your instincts, even after you've honed your skills.
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one. Be open to change--it's another word for innovation.
Negotiation tip: View any conflict as an opportunity -- this will expand your mind as well as your horizons. Persistence can go a long way.
“The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.” – General Douglas MacArthur
Heading over to the Miss USA Pageant. The young women participating are amazing and accomplished. Competition is very tough. ENJOY THE SHOW!
The man made "climate change" that our "great" president should be focused on is of the NUCLEAR variety brought upon us because of weakness!
The Miss U.S.A. pageant will be amazing tonight. To be politically incorrect, the girls (women) are REALLY BEAUTIFUL. NBC at 8 PM.
No president in history has lied to the American people more than President Obama - in fact, it is not even close!
REMEMBER, the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the Taliban got back leaders (killers) and we got back a NOTHING, WILL COME BACK TO HAUNT U.S.!
The same "brilliant" negotiators that gave up five Taliban leaders for one traitor  are now making trade deals with China &amp; others.No chance
We have to make the U.S.A. RICH again so that we can afford to pay Social Security, Medicare,and Medicaid and STRONG to keep our enemies out
By the end of this year China will be the number one economic power on earth and the U.S. will owe 20 trillion dollars, much of it to China!
Just toured Baton Rouge, Louisiana - GREAT PEOPLE, fantastic place, doing really well. Miss USA Pageant totally sold out.Tomorrow night, NBC
I am in Baton Rouge where the Miss USA Pageant will be shown live on NBC on Sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 P.M. INCREDIBLE SHOW!
The owner of California Gold just made a jerk (fool) out of himself. Just smile and congrat the winner. His wife was visibly embarrassed!
.@AndrewKreig   Thank you Andrew -  so correct!
Will be in Louisiana for the Miss USA Pageant which will be on NBC on Sunday night. Watch Miss Pennsylvania,an interesting and amazing story
Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realDonaldTrump"
Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!
“Learn, know, and show. It’s a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.” – Think Like a Champion
BREAKING NEWS:  Obama has just made a trade with Russia. They get Florida, California &amp; our gold supply. We get borscht &amp; a bottle of vodka.
I believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders President Obama gave up for Bergdahl, a great deal of CASH was also given. So stupid!
.@bretbaier has a wonderful new book #specialheart and it’s proving to be a great success already. Bret is a winner!
Congratulations to @joniernst on her impressive @IowaGOP primary win last night. Now all should unite &amp; defeat Bruce Braley this November
Obama can release 5 senior Taliban for a deserter but can’t make Mexico release decorated Marine Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi. Pathetic
Obama betrays Israel yet again, our strongest ally in the Middle East. He will recognize Hamas, breaking long standing US policy.
.@TrumpLasVegas' 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in Las Vegas w/private air-conditioned cabanas &amp; a massive 110 ft. heated pool.
I hope we never find life on other planets because there's no doubt that the U.S. Government will start sending them money!
Chris McDaniel looks like he will win in Mississippi - GREAT NEWS and big victory for Tea Party!
Obama never consulted with Congress about a prisoner exchange. HE BROKE THE LAW AND SHOULD BE TRIED. OUR PRESIDENT IS A TOTAL DISASTER!
Are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?
Was Susan Rice told to lie about Bergdahl? Obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything, from ObamaCare to a deserter.
.@newsbusters  Thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done!
Rapidly failing @VanityFair magazine hits me for my strong stance against Obama's "brilliant" 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. Amazing!
The five Taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. They are saying how dumb U.S. is!
Our President is a great embarrassment to the U.S. How could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?
“The entrepreneur’s ability to dream, to win, lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit.” – Midas Touch
“The problem is that no government can create real jobs. Only entrepreneurs can do that.” – Midas Touch
It would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our Veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens.
Moving forward f/tonight’s competitive primaries, it is crucial that the Tea Party &amp; @GOP remain united towards November. Take the Senate!
“It's a tough game, and you never want to take that aspect out of the game.” – @NYRangers Stanley Cup Champion Mark Messier
Obama’s war on coal is killing American jobs, making us more energy dependent on our enemies &amp; creating a great business disadvantage.
Be sure to buy this month’s @AmSpec magazine. Read “A Trump Card,” my interview with Jeffrey Lord.
Because of our terrible leaders, it is now open season on every American throughout the world. Terrorists are thrilled.
President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi?
Great deal, we swap 5 killer terrorists for a U.S. military deserter. That’s how the U.S. negotiates nowadays.
Bowe Bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. Solders died looking for him. U.S. should NEVER have made the deal! PUNISHMENT?
Only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for Bergdahl. #OrangeRoom
That the Obama administration didn't know the facts about who Bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum going! It's a big factor in sustaining your success. Keep moving forward!
Entrepreneurs:  If you cannot handle the tough times, you will never be successful in business. Stay positive &amp; stay strong!
.@ArsenioHall just got “fired”—the people spoke, ratings were terrible. The Apprentice brought him back from the dead, but he blew it!
The statement about leaving the base came directly from CBS Evening News.
At some point Sgt. Bergdahl will have to explain his capture. In 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon. Many questions!
The U.S. cannot negotiate with terrorists. It is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved, but this can only lead to disaster.
President Obama created a VERY BAD precedent by handing over five Taliban prisoners in exchange for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl. Another U.S. loss!
I am in Toronto checking the great Trump International Hotel - highest rated hotel in Canada. It is a beauty!
#TheArsenioHallShow   Well, it had to happen. People that are disloyal, in the long run, never make it. Arsenio was just cancelled!
“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” - @Oprah
Snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake, he is no hero. In fact he is a coward who should come back &amp; face justice.
The American worker is being victimized by our trade policies. We need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers.
Our country is on the precipice. Washington is broken. Where is the leadership?
Our vets are the pride of our nation. The VA scandal is a disgrace.If you can get food stamps so fast, our vets should get immediate care
Snowden is a liar.and a fraud!
Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: Snowden, ObamaCare, VA, Russia, jobs, decimated military, debt and so much more
Entrepreneurs: Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases! There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared.
Focus on your goals, not your problems. And remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
“You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.” – Pres. Abraham Lincoln
Thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the National Press Club. It was my great honor!
Like it or not, Edward Snowden is a SPY and should be tried as a SPY! He has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nations
The Boston Bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the VA. We must do better!
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -- 
Thomas A. Edison
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
-- Vince Lombardi
“Results are what matter...A series of efforts will add up to experience and achievement.” - Think Like a Champion
I am speaking today at the National Press Club, totally sold out, and will then be inspecting The Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue!
What does.Obama know about the VA or business - nothing, just look at the five billion dollar ObamaCare website. We need a real leader!
.@pgaofamerica A really great tournament, congrats to Monty, Pete B and Ted Bishop. FANTASTIC JOB!
.@McIlroyRory - Way to go Rory, fantastic victory!
Have a great and peaceful Memorial Day - but remember, there are people out there who don't want us to have peace. WE MUST BE STRONG!!!!
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.
The VA scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government. When will we learn?
Remember our brave men &amp; women who have fallen protecting our country this Memorial Day!
Very excited to be addressing the @RepLeadConf next Friday in New Orleans. There is much to discuss!
Congrats to @Team_Mitch on winning a spirited primary. Great job, Mitch.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Don't ever get down on yourself, just keep fighting - in the end, you WIN!
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein”
Thx, and from a better quotation source: "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -- Wayne Gretzky
I have been watching and loving the United States for many years and have NEVER seen it look weaker or less effective!
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
 -- Stephen King
Persistence is a key for success. Don’t give up. Continue to Think Big and you will be able to close deals.
Just returned from Ireland, Scotland and Dubai. Amazing trip, great places--but always good to be back.
Entrepreneurs: Do your best to your utmost ability every day. Make that your standard.
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
Going now to make a major speech before some of the world's biggest investors in Dubai!
Remember, China is not a friend of the United States!
A classic - China just signs massive oil and gas deal with Russia giving Russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in U.S. face.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious--and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing!
Entrepreneurs:  Stay focused and be tenacious. Pay attention to people who know what they're talking about. Stay fixed on your goals!
Entrepreneurs: Get a momentum going. Listen, apply, then move forward. Do not procrastinate. See opportunity as the perk that it is.
“You have to be positive every single day. Positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success.” – Think Like a Champion
The roads and sidewalks, airports and bridges, are perfect in Dubai. Everything looks clean &amp; strong. In U.S.,  everything is falling apart!
We must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the United States. Our country must be strong again!
Getting ready for the big news conference in Dubai. It should all be happening in the U.S., but it isn't - SAD!
I cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the U.S. There is no reason for this other than poor leadership.WE SHOULD BE 1
I am in Dubai with Damac.  PLACE IS BOOMING - AMAZING! Major news conference in two hours. Announcing luxury villas and major golf course.
I really like Jay Z but there is trouble in paradise. When his wife's sister starts whacking him, not good! No help from B leads to a mess.
I will be heading to Dubai where I am doing a GREAT project with Damac - will be a massive success!
30,000 illegal immigrants with CRIMINAL RECORDS were released last year by our wonderful, though highly incompetent, government. So stupid!
Amazing five days - developments in Aberdeen, Turnberry (Scotland) and Ireland are fantastic - the best anywhere in the WORLD. A lot of fun!
@ronanofficial  Thanks Ronan, see you there!
NobamaCare won't work, never will work and can't work - it is a total waste of time and energy except that it is hurting people (&amp; economy!)
Sorry, for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on Fox &amp; Friends on Monday A.M., no go - in Dubai.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
 -- Steve Jobs
I am in Scotland checking on my developments in Aberdeen and Turnberry. Just left Ireland, property will be great. ALWAYS CHECKING!
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
 -- Winston Churchill
Advice from my father, Fred C. Trump:  "Know everything you can about what you're doing."
Advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: "Trust in God and be true to yourself."
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
 -- Steve Jobs
Be a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Don't wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. Be on alert at all times.
“Be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances.” – Think Big
If you are steadfast in your efforts, critics will be harmless. Achievers move forward, and achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
-- Vince Lombardi
Do your homework. Wasting other people’s time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression. – Think Like a Billionaire
Heading to Scotland to check out Turnberry &amp; Trump Int'l Golf Links, Scotland. Then heading to Dubai  @DamacOfficial, a great company.
If you can’t handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. Focus &amp; Stay Positive.
It is wonderful to be in beautiful Doonbeg touring @Trump_Ireland. I'm truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family &amp; organization
@10AJMcCarron will do great in the NFL - all he does is win! Bengals made a very wise decision.
@IrishTimes  Thanks to you and the wonderful Simon Carswell for the great story on Trump International Golf Links, Ireland. It will be great
Time Warner cable out AGAIN in Manhattan - no television. They have a real problem!
Rosie O'Donnell just said she felt "shame" at being fat-not politically correct! She killed Star Jones for weight loss surgery, just had it!
Obama told his donors this past week “public opinion” is on his side. Don't believe that one either.
Dennis—Thank you for being honest.  Somebody put words in your mouth &amp; you wouldn’t take it. Great!  @dennisrodman
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.  --  Thomas A. Edison
Cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats!
Teams are making a big mistake not taking Johnny Manziel - he is going to be really good (and exciting to watch).
@dallascowboys   Jerry, GREAT pick - you will have a really good season!
Great pick by Buffalo - Sammy Watkins will be GREAT!
I think somebody should pick Johnny Football - he will be a star.
I am watching the NFL DRAFT, will be interesting! A lot of talent but only a few will become STARS.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
 -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
“No matter how good you get you can always get better and that's the exciting part.” - @TigerWoods
Remember, if you do not promote yourself no one else will. When you have success, let people know about it.
Also, the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. Stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. Be smart!
Young entrepreneurs –  Remember that your first deals are the most important of your career. Win &amp; gain confidence.
“If it’s worth doing, it’s worth fighting for. You’ll have lots of people &amp; obstacles in your way. Fight to get beyond them.”–Midas Touch
“The object of golf is not just to win. It is to play like a gentleman, and win.” - Phil Mickelson @MickelsonHat
The global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by NUCLEAR WEAPONS in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!
Dennis Rodman was either drunk or on drugs (delusional) when he said I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Glad I fired him on Apprentice!
Crazy Dennis Rodman is saying I wanted to go to North Korea with him. Never discussed, no interest, last place on Earth I want to go to.
“If you want to be the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” - Think Like a Billionaire
Russia is on the move in the Ukraine, Iran is nuking up &amp; Libya is run by Al Qaeda, yet Obama is busy issuing ‘climate change” warnings.
Great decision by @SpeakerBoehner in placing @TGowdySC as chairman of the Benghazi select committee. Gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor.
Congratulations to @thomtillis on winning @NCGOP Senate primary. Time for the party to unite and defeat ObamaCare advocate Kay Hagan!
Either Miss Pennsylvania will pay, her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. She hurt many people!
Won $5,000,000 against Miss Pennsylvania, Sheena Monnin, for her terrible and untrue statements about Miss USA Pageant. Not a nice person!
We will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes (the old days were better).
The road to success is always under construction.  -- Arnold Palmer
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.
 -- Andrew Carnegie
Just had a great legal victory in Ft. Lauderdale -- won trial --  now will receive tremendous $ in legal fees from losers. Love it!
This guy @sethmeyers can’t do a simple interview—saw him the other night stumbling &amp; mumbling while trying to interview a guest.
“Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way.” – Think Like a Champion
Over 90% of American workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to ObamaCare. Repeal before it is too late!
Congrats to Barack Obama on April’s job report. Over 800,000 left the work force w/average hourly wages &amp; weekly hours staying flat. Bad!
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. Many things to talk about! ENJOY
@TrumpGolfDC  Congrats to my GREAT members at Trump National DC on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 PGA Senior Championship!
The ring announcers are working hard to justify the Mayweather victory. They should be ashamed of themselves! A TOTAL JOKE.
No wonder boxing is close to dead!
Crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. Fight was not even close! DISGUSTING.
The Mayweather decision is a disgrace!
NO WAY, JUDGES SAY MAYWEATHER WON. INVESTIGATION SHOULD TAKE PLACE. FIX?
Fight is over - Mayweather lost big - but lets see what judges say!
Mayweather is getting absolutely killed!
Floyd Mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by Marcos Maidana, but announcers say it is even. TWO ROUNDS LEFT.
The reporter that called Kevin Durant "Mr. Unreliable" should be fired or, at least, apologize. He is a truly great player and a winner!
There must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. Incredible that some so-called "journalists" can make up lies and get away with it
Have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs, have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory
.@sethmeyers  Seth can't help it - he is really trying hard but just doesn't have what it takes. Very awkward and insecure!
Seth Myers is so unnatural and uncomfortable doing his show that you have to feel sorry for him. Bad interviewer, marbles in his mouth!
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
-- Albert Einstein
A feature on the progress of the course @ #Trump Int'l #Golf Club will feature on @CNNLivingGolf Thurs 8 May 2014 @ 0930 &amp; 1630 GMT #DAMAC
Never make a concession during negotiations that could lead to more demands. Be prudent. It's best to have your concessions predetermined
Negotiations 101: The best deals you can make are the ones you walk away from...and then get them with better terms.
With @VanityFair circulation and advertising revenue doing so badly, rumor has it that dopey Graydon Carter is going to resign? He should.
China will now pass our economy this year, way ahead of projections. Pres. Obama – China’s greatest asset!
ObamaCare not only has brought higher premiums, decreased care &amp; loss of jobs but now .1% Q1 growth. REPEAL BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!
Will be doing interview on @GolfChannel at 8.00 this morning. Will be talking about getting the great PGA Championship &amp; Senior PGA etc.
Wow, Vanity Fair was totally shut out at the National Magazine Awards - it got NOTHING. Graydon Carter is a loser with bad food restaurants!
Excited to host two great championships at two of our best properties, @seniorpgachamp at Trump DC &amp; @pgachampionship at Trump Bedminster
Announced w/ @pgaofamerica that we will bring @seniorpgachamp to @TrumpGolfDC &amp; @pgachampionship to Trump Bedminster
Getting ready for some big news with my friends at @pgaofamerica
“Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger.” - Arnold Palmer
It will now start to cool down concerning Sterling and the Clippers. This mess will start to fade, after litigation, into the murky past!
Commissioner Adam Silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning Donald Sterling.
.@jamieaydt  Happy Birthday Jamie!
Dopey @ariannahuff should force her reporters to be accurate—if she has that power.
It’s important to listen to what people say. “Horrible” and “disgusting” are the words I used in response to Sterling’s comments.
It is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner.
A TRULY GREAT CHAMPION WILL SELDOM FAIL AND ALWAYS COME BACK. NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF GREATNESS!
It is amazing that after lambasting Donald Sterling on @foxandfriends, some DISHONEST press only reported my GIRLFRIEND FROM HELL statement!
Young Entrepeneurs: Think Big, Stay Motivated &amp; Always Remain Confident. The Sky is the Limit.
Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength!
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the Donald Sterling (Clippers) MESS!
President Obama is losing on so many fronts, in fact all fronts, that I am concerned he will do something totally irrational. He can't lead!
Isn't it ironic that China is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others. @alexsalmond
If you have passion, confidence, resilience, &amp; vision, you could become an entrepreneur. Add focus to the list &amp; you're off to a good start
We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble!
N.Y.Times headline states Obama suffers setbacks in Japan trade deal. Can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us, WE HAVE CARDS
“Worry destroys focus.” – Think Big
“Once you know you love your job, never stop and never give up.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“Get to know yourself.You can’t improve upon something you don’t understand.The more you ask, the better you'll know.” Vince Lombardi
South Korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals. Their surplus vs U.S. is massive - and we pay for their protection. WHO NEGOTIATES?
@AndreaTantaros  It was great to see you - say hi to all!
“I'm not afraid of failing. I don't like to fail. I hate to fail. But I'm not afraid of it.” - @VinceMcMahon
The ObamaCare enrollment numbers are a lie.They will be ‘readjusted’ by the White House at an opportune time, probably after ’14 election
No surprise Assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. He never intended to in the first place.
New Yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from @attnyc and @tribecafilmfest. My choice? Citizen Kane #FilmForAll
The city of Buffalo is struggling. Moving the @buffalobills would be catastrophic. The Bills belong in Buffalo!
Interesting how President Obama is flying around in a Boeing 747 on so-called Earth Day!
The way President Obama runs down the stairs of Air Force 1, hopping &amp; bobbing all the way, is so inelegant and unpresidential. Do not fall!
.@McIlroyRory  Thanks for your nice note - they love you at Trump National Doral. You are looking good - will have a GREAT year!
Always remember, SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
“You measure your people and you take action on those that don't measure up.” - @jack_welch
The NYPD Surveillance Program kept NYC safe since 9/11. There will be tragic consequences for ending it.
Rep. Stephen Lynch (D-Ma) said, "There's all of these taxes and fees that are the tough medicine..it's going to hit the fan" 're ObamaCare.
Last Thursday Obama said "investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term" The next day he again stopped Keystone
Congratulations to @bostonpolice on yesterday’s successful and safe @bostonmarathon. The entire country is proud.
Get the big picture--but be prepared for the picture to change. Where there's a will, there's a win. Think positively!
Understand that difficulties, mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life...But always look for the opportunities.
Once the tragic mistake of going into Iraq was made, we should have at least taken the oil (or at least some of it). Now Iran &amp; China get it
After thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars, Iraq (I told you so) is imploding. Really dumb pols put us and kept us there-so sad!
“There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” - Margaret Thatcher
If America unlocked its energy potential, we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. Washington is holding us back.
Obama told Medvedev after the ’12 reelect, he would “have more flexibility.” It was music to Putin’s ears.
The biggest winner of Obama’s ’08 win --- Vladimir Putin. Ultimately he could be tied with Iran after Tehran becomes a nuclear power.
A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase, @buffalobills should remain in Buffalo.
Just finished another week of filming @ApprenticeNBC. This season, a record 14th, is shaping up to be the best yet.
Obama through his cronies said the Keysyone pipeline was "not political" - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things?
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (15 minutes). Enjoy it and your day!
Huffington Post is just upset that I said its purchase by AOL has been a disaster and that Arianna Huffington is ugly both inside and out!
Look, Snowden is bad, done tremendous damage to our country and standing - but we have far worse in our government (guess who?).
HAPPY EASTER - HAVE A GREAT DAY!
@frankpro   Frank, you are making a mistake. No one will do a better job than me and team would stay in Buffalo.
Have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! Good night.
Snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the U.S. A spy in the old days, when our country was respected and strong, would be executed
I give Secretary of State John Kerry credit for working and trying hard, but he has zero negotiating ability!
Remember, Russia still has Snowden. When are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? He caused great damage!
I will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate deal—soon to be announced. Happy Easter and/or Holiday to all.
I was always a big fan of Kim Novak and still am—a wonderful actress.
Why did Pres Obama remove sanctions against Iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation &amp; then remove sanctions?
Remember, if you don’t sell yourself, no one else will. Make sure the public, friends &amp; the business community hears about your success.
CBO now estimates that over 2.5M will lose jobs directly because of ObamaCare. REPEAL now before it is too late.
Oscar Pistorious is guilty as hell!
America is at a great disadvantage. Putin is ex-KGB, Obama is a community organizer. Unfair.
Entrepreneurs:  Ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit.
Entrepreneurs:  Have your own vision and stick with it. Don’t be afraid to be unique. Don’t tread water--get out there and go for it.
Entrepreneurs: Identify your goals, know precisely what you want to achieve. Then study the best people in your field and learn from them.
Entrepreneurs--Always remember that every day counts. Stay focused. Stay positive and develop momentum.
“My office is at Yankee stadium. Yes, dreams do come true.” - @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter
@PriscoCBS  Thank you!
“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.” - @DalaiLama
“Don’t toss off your problems, and don’t dwell on them either. Deal with them!” – Think Like a Champion
Get Snowden back from Russia—he has done tremendous damage to the US &amp; should pay a very heavy price.
On top of the disrespect shown by Russia, don’t forget they still have Snowden, who has given them (&amp; everyone) massive US secrets.
Remember, negotiations are fluid. Remain calm and don’t settle easily. If you have the goods, you will ultimately win.
Oscar Pistorious, "the blade runner," is as guilty as O.J.  I wonder if the result will be the same?
@AlexSalmond-I have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly, bird killing and very ugly wind  turbines dotting Scotland.
.@AlexSalmond - Ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the Atlantic Ocean. The reason, would hurt tourism!
Al Sharpton said they are "even making it more harder to register people to vote". Which is worse, his grammar or his thoughts?
Obama lied when he said “you can keep your plan,” so why would anyone believe his bogus ObamaCare enrollment numbers?!
Big thanks to @David_Bossie, @Citizens_United &amp; @AFPhq for hosting me at #NHFreedomSummit. Will be back to the Granite State soon!
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. 
 -- Winston Churchill
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. 
 -- Winston Churchill
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. -- Latin Proverb
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. (1 hour). ENJOY!
.@JordanSpieth  Great playing at the Masters and don't get down Jordan, you will win many tournaments and many MAJORS! Keep working hard.
.@bubbawatson  What a great player you have turned out to be but also, what a great guy! Congratulations on another fantastic Masters win.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.
 -- Albert Einstein
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- Winston Churchill
.@KAThomas212   Congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the City. You will be GREAT!
Congratulations to @STEPHENATHOME - I will see you on the show!
Entrepreneurs, keep this in mind:
"Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds."
 -- Albert Einstein
Entrepreneurs, always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future. Be sure to cultivate relationships
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.  -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Looking forward to promoting a pro-growth &amp; positive message at this Saturday’s @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit in Manchester.
Into our first week of filming @ApprenticeNBC, the Celebrities are already turning up the heat. Major fireworks!
Really looking forward to watching The Masters this weekend - one of THE GREATEST SHOWS ON EARTH!
“Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.” – Arthur Schopenhauer
Looking forward to speaking at Saturday's @Citizens_United @AFPhq Freedom Summit in Manchester. Second visit to New Hampshire this year.
So many people don’t understand I am a big proponent of vaccines for children—just not in one massive dose—spread them out over time.
.@garyplayer  you were great on @MikeAndMike this morning—&amp; the Gary Player Villa at @TrumpDoral is a hot ticket.
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral in Miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. Great reviews. Thank you!
.@mcuban says he is a member of Dallas National but doesn’t play golf. Who is a member of a golf club that doesn’t play?? No talent! @TMZ
Saw @mcuban try to hit a ball in Lake Tahoe while I played in tournament- he’s got no talent or strength!!!! @TMZ
@kimkotter  Kim, keep up the great work - you are really doing well!
It's 4.35 a.m. and I am working on a very exciting (and hopefully very good) deal - a major resort. THE HARDER I WORK, THE LUCKIER I GET!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 this morning - ENJOY!
@XenaHer1   Thanks Xena!
.@Lexi  Great job in winning your first of many "majors". We are proud of you at Trump International. Work hard - be an all time great!
Haters and losers say I wear a wig (I don't), say I went bankrupt (I didn't), say I'm worth $3.9 billion (much more). They know the truth!
Major League Baseball was really smart when they wouldn't let Mark Cuban buy a team. Was it his financials or the fact that he's an asshole?
For China, of all nations, to search the massive Indian Ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched
@katwatson59 Thanks Kat!
I hate what has happened to the once great @CNN.
I can't believe that @CNN would waste time and money with @smerconish - he has got nothing going. Jeff Zucker must be losing his touch!
.@Andre_Reed83  Thanks for your nice words. You are a real champion. I’m pushing!
I can't believe David Letterman has announced his retirement--he is a great guy! @Letterman
Ask yourself: "What can I learn today that I didn't know before?" Always be a student, always be open to new ideas.
I hear the very ungrateful @ArsenioHall has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. Really too bad!
Entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees.Make it an example that will best serve the success of your business.
Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to details. If you don’t know everything about what you’re doing, you'll be in for some big surprises.
Entrepreneurs: Be cautiously optimistic.  Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
In New York, March was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some GLOBAL WARMING!
Because of President Obama's failed leadership, we have put Vladimir Putin &amp; Russia back on the world stage! --No reason for this.
Sorry, couldn't do @foxandfriends this morning--big meeting. Will double up next week at 7.
.@MagicJohnson  Good luck with the Dodgers this season, if they were like you they would never lose a game!
.@genesimmons  Keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you!
@MagnaSearchGRP Your new TRUMP tower in Vancouver looks fantastic. I'm gonna pick up a unit. Just can't say no to 5-star living #motivation"
.@ArsenioHall - How quickly people forget, but not me! You told me that without The Apprentice you could never have gotten your show - Sad!
.@ArsenioHall - The only thing you don't mention in the nice Esquire piece about you is The Apprentice, without which you would be nowhere!
@PrincessDaytura @realDonaldTrump for president - it's reality, he is reality and he is the ONLY one capable of making the necessary changes
To all haters and losers: I am NOT anti-vaccine, but I am against shooting massive doses into tiny children. Spread shots out over time.
To all young (and old) entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself, talk yourself up! Energize yourself and you'll energize others.
Entrepreneurs:  Believe in yourself. If you don’t, no one else will either. Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort.
Entrepreneurs:  Another question to ask yourself—“What am I pretending not to see?” There may be great opportunities right around you.
For Entrepreneurs: A good question to ask yourself –“What can I provide that does not yet exist?”
Join @autismspeaks, and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
With autism being way up, what do we have to lose by having doctors give small dose vaccines vs. big pump doses into those tiny bodies?
Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes - AUTISM. Many such cases!
Coach W to his basketball players - BE QUICK BUT DON'T HURRY!
If I were President I would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take - AUTISM.
Autism WAY UP - I believe in vaccinations but not massive, all at once, shots. Too much for small child to handle. Govt. should stop NOW!
.@genesimmons is terrific--congratulations on Hall of Fame.
Remember, oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don't make!
I will be ON THE RECORD with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 7 pm eastern/FOX News Channel
Some great quotes from the legendary and courageous Winston Churchill: "Never, never, never give up." ...
If you’ve looked over the years,I’ve been right on virtually every issue from Iraq (not going in but if so taking the oil) to jobs to China
By Obama mentioning Manhattan yesterday in his response, he has singlehandedly made it target #1. How totally stupid is this guy?
This is the time for the United States to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness!
Not good or smart for Obama to be calling Russia a "regional" power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in NYC.
President Obama looks absolutely exhausted in the Netherlands. He is not a natural leader, was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him
Getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. Here's some advice for public speaking: "Be sincere; be brief; be seated."  F.D. Roosevelt
Obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off Air Force One.  Doesn’t look presidential and at some point he will take a fall.
I wonder if Apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iPhone. I hear they will be doing it soon—long overdue.
Obama must now FOCUS, get his mind off "March.Madness", and LEAD! Watch Russia closely, work hard on the economy and get rid of ObamaCare!
The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST
We should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. Must be very strong to prosper &amp; survive
I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.!
Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama, on the other hand, has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SAD
Great advice from my mother: “Trust in God and be true to yourself.” – Mary MacLeod Trump
Great advice from my father: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." -- Fred C. Trump
President Obama, be cool, be smart, be sharp and FOCUS (no more March Madness), and you can beat Putin at his own game. IT CAN BE DONE!
While Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World, President Obama is watching March Madness (basketball)!
I don't hate Obama at all, I just think he is an absolutely terrible president, maybe the worst in our history!
We're spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly Chinese passengers, and that's OK-but how much are Russia &amp; China spending?
President Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected, but not able to fool Vladimir Putin. Too bad for us!
Looks like plane may have been found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Australia.
Lithium ion batteries should  not be allowed to be used in aircraft. I won't fly on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - it uses those batteries.
Plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries, which are highly combustible, as cargo. Fire could have started in cockpit.
It's almost like the United States has no President - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. Good luck everyone!
.@AlexSalmond, Wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.Electric bills in Scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness
@DanScavino @APinv @TrumpGolf @billclinton @APHospital  Thanks Dan
Re Negotiation: Know what you want &amp; think about what the other side wants. Know where they’re coming from &amp; do not underestimate them.
Business is an art in itself &amp; powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.- Think Like a Champion
President Obama could totally solve the problem with Putin by demanding that Russia sign on to ObamaCare, thereby destroying their economy!
Wow, Putin is really taking advantage of President Obama. It is important that Obama responds with strength and determination-be smart-cool!
Some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them!
There are many editorial writers that are good, some great, &amp; some bad. But the least talented of all is frumpy Gail Collins of NYTimes.
Join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4/2. #LIUB will raise awareness for millions with autism!
“Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and do them.”   Anonymous
I won't be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning in that I have a big breakfast meeting on a deal. I will be back next week at 7. Thank you!
When nobody wanted the UFC, I opened the way by letting them fight at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City. Dana White has done a great job!
Frumpy and very dumb Gail Collins, an editorial writer at The New York Times, is so lucky to even have a job. Check her out - incompetent!
.@garyplayer  As a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair The Blue Monster played last weekend. Gary Player Villa loved!
While I won't be running for Governor of New York State, a race I would have won, I have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned, will happen!
The top leadership of the New York State Republican Party is totally dysfunctional - they haven't won a major election in many years.
I have clearly stated that if the New York State Republican Party is able to unify, I would run for Governor and win. They can't unify -SAD!
@MauriceConcha  Thanks!
AMAZING how the press protected President Obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with Zach G. He looked like a fool - they said cute
I just beat a lawyer from Yale and a lawyer from Harvard, who teamed up against me, in a major case worth millions ($). They were so dumb!
Just did theToday Show to announce that Baton Rouge, Louisiana will host the Miss USA Pageant on Sunday, June 8th. @Miss USA.
I love taking lawsuits all the way when I’m right. @AGSchneiderman  is finding that out the hard way!
With the complete Ft. Lauderdale victory, I will now sue for millions of $’s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable.
JUST IN:  A jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyer’s remorse lawsuit against me in Ft. Lauderdale.
The massive Blue Monster @TrumpDoral is getting rave reviews. I built it in one year—no easy feat!
I’ve been watching very little @CNBC lately—the good news is I’m switching over to  @BloombergNews and @FoxNews.
Other  worthy people were taken off the @CNBC list as well. Stupid poll should be canceled—no credibility.
The #CNBC 25 poll is a joke. I was in 9th place and taken off. (Politics?) No wonder @CNBC ratings are going down the tubes.
Congratulations to Patrick Reed for winning at Trump National Doral. He told me The Blue Monster is "the best course I've ever played"
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7 (10 minutes). ENJOY!
Leaders at Trump National Doral are only one under par. The great Ben Hogan said, "I've never seen a great course that was easy!"
The newly built Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is being considered a "masterpiece" by almost all who see it and play it - THANK YOU!
Congrats to @AlCardenasACU and @CPACnews. I really enjoyed being there—the response was so terrific!
@sashamajerovsky  Thanks Sasha!
The unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at CPAC - THANK YOU!
Actually I was very nice to Jimmy Carter during my standing room only (&amp; standing ovation) speech for CPAC - stated better Pres. than Obama!
Of course I don't think Jimmy Carter is dead-saw him today on T.V. Just being sarcastic, but never thought he was alive as President, stiff!
Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results. -- Think Like a Billionaire.
@CharlieRymerGC  Charlie, sounds good to me!
@colleencpa Thanks Colleen!
Live on the edge--no complacency is allowed--and keep an open mind. Business is a creative endeavor.
If you're passionate about your work, you will never give up.
Remember to keep going--if you stop, your momentum will stop.
.@AustinKaiser52 The 2 people I am most excited to hear speak on Thrursday at @CPACnews is @GovChristie &amp; @realDonaldTrump #DCBound" Thanks.
Actually Putin doesn't want Alaska because the Environmental Protection Agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil!
What do you think Obama will do when Putin seizes Alaska?
Baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in March in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. Other places likewise. Global warming con!
.@Mitt Romney strongly stated, in one of the debates with Pres. OBAMA, that Russia is the big problem. Obama scoffed. Mitt was 100% correct!
New York Magazine just named the most influential "tweeters" in N.Y. and one Donald Trump was #2 after ESPN. Actually, I'm easily #1!
.@JTimberlake It was great having you play The Blue Monster. Thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they've seen!
Very exciting week for @TrumpDoral. I will be in Miami opening what will soon be best resort in U.S. World Golf Championship this week!
@TheEllenShow  Ellen, you should get rid of Andy Lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. Good try last night!
I have always liked Ellen, done her show numerous times, but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling!
Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner, a guy with no absolutely no talent!
What is he reading? #Oscars
M.M. is a good choice - also, nice guy! #Oscars
Angelina and Sidney had a really strange vibe going! #Oscars
Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website!  #Oscars.
This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #Oscars
This cannot be the the Academy Awards #Oscars AWFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the departed - Really bad production. Bette Midler sucked! #Oscars
Little Andy Lassner, who lives his life through Ellen and has nothing else going for himself, is having a really bad night! #Oscars
Judy Garland was much better, to put it mildly! #Oscars
I don't know how much longer I can take this bullshit - so terrible! #Oscars
Ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines. #Oscars
Do you believe this singing? #Oscars
Which is worse and which is more dishonest - the #Oscars or the Emmys?
They must be kidding - can this be happening #Oscars
Certain people are ruining their reputations tonight-really sad! #Oscars
I should host the #Oscars just to shake things up - this is not good!
Just terrible! #Oscars
Is this boring or is it just me? #Oscars
I'm having a real hard time watching the Academy Awards (so far). The last song was terrible! Kim should sue her plastic surgeon! #Oscars
I am at Trump National Doral in Miami as the best golfers in the World start arriving for the World Golf Championship (Cadillac). A big week
Sissy Graydon Carter of failing Vanity Fair Magazine and owner of bad food restaurants has a problem-his V.F. Oscar party is no longer "hot"
Will be playing golf today with Rand Paul at Trump International in Palm Beach. Will be both interesting and fun!
China has just intervened to lower the yuan- in other words, they will continue to screw the U.S.!
By popular(extremely) demand, I will be live tweeting the #Oscars2014 on Sunday night. Tell all your friends I will not be pulling punches!
.@MarkBurnettTV and his incredible wife @RealRomaDowney did a fabulous movie, @SonofGodMovie- see it!
I'll be playing golf tomorrow in Palm Beach at the number one rated golf course in the State of Florida, Trump International Golf Club.
The World is falling apart around us, but we don't have people who know how to play the game. The U.S. is in big trouble - no leadership!
The U.S. has appealed ro Russia not to intervene in Ukraine - Russia tells U.S. they will not become involved, and then laughs loudly!
Obama just stated "he didn't take school seriously, made bad choices and GOT HIGH" - then how the hell did he get into Columbia &amp; Harvard?
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman’s phony lawsuit against Trump U was decimated by the court—he’s a loser!
I think the @NewYorkObserver was far too nice to sleazebag @AGSchneiderman. He’s got plenty more to worry about!.
Congrats to R. Emmett Tyrrell, Jr of @AmSpec for the fantastic piece on Benghazi.
Congrats to Charles @krauthammer for his statements on climate change, formerly known as global warming!
.@AGSchneiderman has never once said that he didn’t ask for campaign contributions during the investigation.
Success tip:  Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Success tip: Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
Success tip: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is driving business out of NY so that he can get publicity for his failing political career.
@theBrianGentry Great advice. My Dad (also a developer) always reminded me that "we're in the problem solving business."  So true!
Just did final purchase on fabulous @LodgeatDoonbeg in Ireland. Will become Trump International Hotel &amp; Golf Links, Ireland. Very exciting!
To aspiring entrepreneurs: Be tenacious. Once you've decided on your goals, remain fixed on them. Set the bar high!
To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Be ready for problems. You'll have them every day. So remember to look at the solution--not the problem.
To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason.
To aspiring entrepreneurs:  Be focused! Know your goals. Put everything you've got into what you're doing--every single day.
With the World hating us and wanting to destroy the U.S., we have just cut the hell out of the military budget, making it smallest since '39
Iraq buying $200,000,000 worth of weapons from Iran. Despite so many killed and trillions spent, Iraq dumps U.S. I TOLD YOU SO LONG AGO!
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. See yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward.
Entrepreneurs:  Don't expect anyone to be on your side. Sometimes we're all in this alone. So believing in yourself is mandatory.
Entrepreneurs:  Everything starts with you. Leadership is not a group effort--if you're in charge, then be in charge.
We could make America great again by spreading ObamaCare throughout the World while at the same time  dropping it from U.S.!
Whether you like it or not, the Russians did a great job in hosting the Olympics! Remember when Obama went to Europe to get Olympics-fourth.
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. - 20 minutes. ENJOY!
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics-another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?
Do you think that very dumb reporter(blogger) McKay Coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in Florida?
.@danawhite - You have done an amazing job - I am proud to have been there at the very beginning!
.@AllenWest  Great seeing you last night at record setting Mar-a-Lago Republican event. The crowd loved you!
.@MichaelRCaputo Thank you for all of your support, you have been amazing!
.@KieranLalor  I created far more jobs and success in Dutchess than you--you should be "Fired."
I took a failed club in Dutchess County &amp; made it a great success plus many jobs. @KieranLalor should be thankful.
.@FLGovScott can create tens of thousands of jobs by approving casinos in Miami--it's time. @willweatherford
Individual commitment to a group effort  is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
-- Vince Lombardi
Governor Cuomo is right about one thing - Attorney General Eric Schneiderman does wear eyeliner! What the hell is up with him?
“@joerepublic1 @mckaycoppins  how nice of this punk with a pen to call a truce after he tries to show u up w/his bs!"  True, thx
@ron_fournier  Actually, I like you!
Thank you to Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec for his incredible &amp; insightful article this weekend on failing &amp; irrelevant @BuzzFeed
For the NY State Repubs to waste time, energy and money on a primary—then go against 3-1 Dems—is insane.
Thank you to Matt Boyle  @BreitbartNews for analytical &amp; well written piece on sleazebag blogger @mckaycoppins &amp; irrelevant @BuzzFeed
NY State Republican Party must unify or November will be another disaster.
Internal polling shows that I would swamp @RobAstorino  in a NY Republican primary 77% to 23%. But won’t run if party is not unified.
.@willweatherford @FLGovScott 
Gaming in Miami will be incredible—best in world and create lots of jobs and revenue.
.@FLGovScott  Gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in FL—they’re afraid of Miami—can’t believe their luck!
I read @willweatherford’s comments that “the lights are dimming on gambling in Florida”—nothing could be worse for the state.
.@AlexSalmond sought my support after he released terrorist Al Megrahi, who blew up Pan Am #103, killing all aboard. I said “no way!”
My friend @eminofficial was fantastic on the @TODAYshow this morning—a star!
Isn't it crazy, I'm worth billions of dollars, employ thousands of people, and get libeled by  moron bloggers who can't afford a suit! WILD.
@AmSpec did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of @BuzzFeed and the very dumb Ben Smith.
I wonder how much money dumb @BuzzFeed and even dumber Ben Smith loooose each year? They have zero credibility - totally irrelevant and sad!
Ben Smith (is that really his last name?) of @BuzzFeed is a total mess who probably got his minion Coppins to do what he didn't want to do?
Amazing story in @BreitbartNews about the sleazebag blogger Coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant @BuzzFeed. CONGRATS!
Bloggers like McKay Coppins &amp; @BuzzFeed are true garbage with no credibility. Record setting crowds &amp; speech not reported. @PiersMorgan
Thank you Jeffrey Lord for the great article discrediting third rate @BuzzFeed site &amp; slimebag reporter McKay Coppins.@PiersMorgan @AmSpec
It's not climate change,it's global warming.Don't let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn't work
Do you think John Kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in Iran and North Korea and  Pakistan already has them!!
Do you believe this one - Secretary of State John Kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. Laughable
Don't let the GLOBAL WARMING wiseguys get away with changing the name to CLIMATE CHANGE because the FACTS do not let GW tag to work anymore!
Due to the holiday, I will NOT be doing Fox &amp; Friends this morning. Next Monday at 7.
@loveandgarbage  Never said it, a total misquote.
I never equated wind farms to the Pan Am Lockerbie disaster - only stated that @AlexSalmond should never have released the terrorist - BAD!
How come discredited reporter @mckaycoppins refused to write that the events in New Hampshire, Buffalo and N.Y. were all record breakers!
@mckaycoppins is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the sarcasm in my voice when referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed
@LodgeatDoonbeg  One of the great places on the planet,  and will only get better now that I own it and will be investing large sums in it!
The brand new Blue Monster Golf Course at Trump National Doral is doing fantastic business. Also, the new driving range is open at night!
A dishonest slob of a reporter, who doesn't understand my sarcasm when talking about him or his wife, wrote a foolish &amp; boring Trump "hit"
Set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. Be focused, disciplined and alert every single day.
@TrumpDoral's #BlueMonster looks fantastic. Great time at the Grand Opening, now looking forward to the @CadillacChamp
I hope that Derek Jeter has such a fantastic year with @Yankees that he changes his mind about retiring. Great guy!
The Irish government is too smart to destroy their beautiful coastline w/ bird-killing, ugly wind turbines. @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
My new club on the Atlantic Ocean in Ireland will soon be one of the best in the World - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines!
Do you believe the way Karzai talks down to the United States - zero respect!
@DanScavino Thanks Dan.
Give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. Remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement.
A big part of the country, even the southern states, is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold. Global warming anyone?
Great making keynote speech at 2014 Lincoln Day Dinner, hosted by Dan Isaacs &amp; NY Republican County Committee. Wonderful  people!
If Scotland doesn’t stop insane policy of obsolete, bird killing wind turbines, country will be destroyed. @AlexSalmond @AberdeenCC
My sons, Don and Eric, are in Ireland looking at my new club. It will be phenomenal!  @LodgeatDoonbeg
If ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily  change the law before an election?
My sons Don and Eric are right now at Doonbeg in Ireland. There will be nothing like it!
The people of Ireland have been so great about my purchase of Doonbeg -- I'll be there soon. @LodgeatDoonbeg
Looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the New York County Lincoln Day Dinner. Lots to talk about!
“Remember to keep going: if you stop, your momentum will stop.” – Think Big
Governor Cuomo only cut the Verrazano Bridge tolls because I made it a major point in speeches. I love the people of Staten Island!
Anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my "twitter" it is a total scam!
@dualheadedeagle  True and thanks!
@K_Swisher69  Thanks Kasey!
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 A.M. ENJOY!
I've been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to Staten Island are far too high and unfair-just got lowered, but not nearly enough
@WesleyCooler3  But nobody asked-a great school!
How does frumpy &amp; little read @nytimes editorial writer Gail Collins keep her job? She is totally irrelevant! @nytimescollins
Never allow your attitude to be a liability. Be positive and strong. Set your mind on winning-- and keep it there.
Negotiation: It is persuasion more than power.
The Blue Monster Golf Course officially opens tomorrow at Trump National Doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. GREAT COURSE, GREAT REVIEWS!
Wow, just in - ObamaCare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even Dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. DISASTER!
When will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly "STUPID" things and begin to focus on lower taxes?
Massive record setting  snowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Smart that GLOBAL WARMING hoaxsters changed name to CLIMATE CHANGE! $$$$
Congress should be worried about American workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
--Thomas A. Edison
The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews.
Watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. Will be bad for the economy. We could use some global warming.
The @Broncos had a truly bad day--my advice is to go home, forget about it, and come back tough next year.
I can't get over, after all of the buildup, what a terrible game that was-the worst Super Bowl in history. The advertisers must be furious!
This may be the worst football game ever played by one team, Denver! Hard to watch.
Enjoy the Super Bowl!
To Jamie Dimon—I love kicking lightweight @AGSchneiderman’s ass. Stop settling and fight!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman just got his ass kicked by Trump!
For information on Trump University victory, call Alan Garten, Esquire, at 212.836.3203 or Jeff Goldman, Esquire, at 212.867.4466.
Wow--tremendous victory in the Trump University case against lightweight @AGSchneiderman--just got the news!
Looking forward to being hosted by @NickLangworthy’s Erie County Lincoln Leadership Reception tonight. Record crowd! Can't wait.
Raffaele Sollecito was unfairly convicted. He didn’t kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed. @Raffasolaries
“Design your business from the start so that it is leverageable, expandable, predictable, and financeable.” – Midas Touch
“Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Are Republicans suicidal? Now they want to push amnesty through Congress. Allowing Democrats into the country.
The NY SAFE Act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd Amendment rights. Will also increase crime.
Obama said in his SOTU that “global warming is a fact.” Sure, about as factual as “if you like your healthcare, you can keep it.”
With one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history, with Atlanta, Texas and parts of Florida freezing- Global Warming anyone?
Remember when "comedian" Bill Maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the World Trade Center-then got canned by ABC?
Failing comedian Bill Maher, who I got an accidental glimpse of the other night, is really a dumb guy, just look at his past!
“Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.” - Mark Twain
Once ObamaCare is fully enacted in NY, conveniently after 2014, expect higher premiums, bigger deductibles, &amp; worse care. Job killer!
Wow, honored to just pass 2.5M followers on @twitter. Thanks to all my followers. We are going to have a great year together.
Just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book, The Art of the Deal. Great parent!
“The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States.” - @boonepickens
Always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. Remember, it’s only business and there will always be another day!
Welcome to the new reality! Moody’s just downgraded the entire US health insurance industry because of ObamaCare.
It was great being on @MikeAndMike in the Morning (ESPN)—two great guys, fantastic show!
Mike &amp; Mike in one minute!
I will be on the Mike &amp; Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care!
Give me clean, beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense.
The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
Snowing in Texas and Louisiana, record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax!
Creativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
How much is New York State spending on that obnoxious T.V. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn't work?
Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave - Apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back!
I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger  iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock
Apple's iPhone sales fell way short-they must go to a larger screen, as alternative, fast (as I said long ago)! Samsung's size much better.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
-- Thomas A. Edison
For entrepreneurs, ignorance is not bliss. It's fatal. It's costly. And it's for losers. You either get organized, or get crushed.
Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement.
Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can.
Afghanistan's so called leader, Karzai, is toying with the U.S.
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00 -  Enjoy!
Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast!
Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They don't believe it $$$$!
NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?
Have the right mindset for the job. See your work as an art form--which means paying attention to every detail.
When times are difficult, you must be even more focused. That’s when you will find profitable opportunities.
For all of those who have been asking, a big cast announcement coming soon for @ApprenticeNBC!
Will be leaving Palm Beach for the 11 A.M. ceremony opening the magnificent GARY PLAYER VILLA at Trump Nationak Doral, Miami. GARY IS GREAT!
Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks.
Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.
“You're never a loser until you quit trying.” - Mike Ditka
People often ask me the secret to my success, and the answer is simple: passion, focus and hard work. Momentum keeps it all going.
Movie producer Harvey Weinstein, who lost his company to Colony Capital, is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violence--really!
Fox &amp; Friends at 7.00
To be really successful it is always good to have A COOL HEAD, WARM HEART AND BEAUTIFUL COMMON TOUCH!
Wow, just heard that that next Tuesday’s @saintanselm Politics &amp; Eggs is the largest crowd ever. Looking forward to making new friends.
@EdwardFCox and @RobAstorino, who I like, are intent on another New York State suicide mission. They've got to get their act together!
To get momentum, you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity.
Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts, you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top.
“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” - Michael Jordan
@NewYorkGOP leader Ed Cox’s record is abysmal--no victories. Hopefully he can turn things around.
@BreitbartNews continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting! Andrew’s legacy lives on.
Looking forward to being hosted by @saintanselm for Politics &amp; Eggs next Tuesday. See you in Manchester! #NHPolitics
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is fighting with @NYGovCuomo –Cuomo wins that one easily. Schneiderman is a total loser.
To be a winner, think like a winner. Practice positive thinking--with reality checks.
Department of Homeland Security has spent $3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget!
I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will start sending them money!
@tedbishop38pga   Thanks Ted, see you at the show!
I would like to thank a great writer and person, @JPappasPR., of REAL ESTATE WEEKLY, for the wonderful story on me. Very much appreciated!
“Winning takes talent, to repeat takes character.” - John Wooden
Where is the progress in the state of New York over the last three years? There is none--only backwards.
The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama
Gabriel Sherman’s book on Roger Ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. Publisher should be ashamed (and sued).
A-Rod’s lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. He should be banned from spring training.
@NewYorkGOP The Ed Cox letter to Republicans, which is being so badly ridiculed by the press, should never have been written. WEAKNESS-SAD!
Watching Gates on @seanhannity - looks like he got hit by a truck! Why didn't Obama get him, and others,to sign a confidentiality agreement?
@NewYorkGOP  New York Republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. This is your last decent shot!
Think positively. Zap negativity immediately. Focus on the solution, not the problem. Be persistent and alert--every single day. Momentum!
For great success, you need passion, but make sure it's well directed. Learn everything you can about what you're doing. Be an expert.
#1 for success: Find out what you love to do. Trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you're best at doing...
Resilience is part of the survival of the fittest formula--make sure you remain adaptable.
@cmo626 long time admirer.  Want to buy one of your books for a friend.  Any suggestions?"  The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Yankees should have dropped A-Rod long ago, not even bothered with arbitration. They would have saved a fortune!
Focus on your goals, not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
Understand that difficulties, mistakes &amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. Don't allow them to knock you off your feet.
Anticipate change and embrace it. Recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors.
@jglenstevens No, we need a great businessman.
@Helena_Torry I consider myself too perfect and have no faults.
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy!
After watching all about the horror story that is A-Rod, I realized again that it is time to let Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame!
@rodstowell73  They are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks!
The Republican Party of New York has been conditioned to lose, and there is no excuse for this. Leadership must move fast and decisively!
I will be doing Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. Will be discussing all sorts of current disasters!
Whether you like Obama or not, Bob Gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! Personally, I hate rats.
In politics, and sometimes in life, FRIENDS COME AND GO, BUT ENEMIES ACCUMULATE!
Now that the ObamaCare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence, is the person who hired them going to be fired?
President Obama just fired the ObamaCare website builder. My question is, why were they hired in the first place? Sue them for damages!
The brand new Blue Monster just opened at Trump National Doral - Miami. Also, great new driving range which is open 'till midnight. GO SEE!
Focus on your goals, not your problems. Problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone.
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
It’s Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
The Trump Organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. Many new announcements to come soon.
Thanks everybody for the Happy Birthday greetings, but it’s actually the 10th birthday of The Apprentice. My birthday is June 14th....
The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela, Monica Spear, is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman, she will be missed.
@Paula_White  One of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. Keep up the good fight!
We had a GREAT year @Macys with ties, shirts and suits, thanks!  New selections just arrived - they are amazing!
Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies!
Why didn’t Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is, Iraq etc. have always been disasters!
While I am a critic of President Obama, I hate it when someone (Robert Gates) writes a self serving negative book about his boss.
Please, @21Club, go back to your original menu and preparation. Believe me, it was much better. Let me know when the change is made!
Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve, study the best people in your field,and then plan the best route for success.
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
Achievers move forward at all times. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Congratulations to @BretBaier on his five year anniversary as the anchor @SpecialReport. Brett is great!
Looking forward to hosting the @FloridaGOP “House Majority 2014 Golf Tournament” at Trump Int'l West Palm Beach on Jan. 27th.
We are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. GLOBAL WARMING anyone?
Have your own vision &amp; stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique.Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Entrepreneurs: Set the example and you'll be a magnet for the right people. Great leaders determine the teams they assemble.
Sec of State Kerry said we would not go back to Iraq. We shouldn’t, but he should not have said that. So stupid!
Another one of my predictions just came true-- Iraq is a total disaster with government losing all control—so sad.
Most of the world's great riders are at Mar-a-Lago today for the Trump Invitational, one of the most important equestrian events of the year
“The future is always beginning now.” -  Mark Strand, former Poet Laureate
Record snowfall &amp; freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?!
Try to develop a tempo when you're working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain, &amp; is an important element of success.
A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. Learning is a new beginning.
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.
--Henry David Thoreau
“Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.” - Sun Tzu
Snowden should come back to America and face justice. Instead, he is begging for clemency from Moscow. Treat him as a spy.
It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early &amp; get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastrophe--or end it.
Entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. Keep that in mind when looking for opportunities.
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our GW scientists are stuck in ice
Today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
Have a happy, successful and healthy New Year!
When it comes to money, finance and even life, PROTECT THE DOWNSIDE AND THE UPSIDE WILL TAKE CARE OF ITSELF!
Make sure to have fun and celebrate NYE with friends and family. Happy New Year everyone!
“Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one.” — @BradPaisley
Spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever!
The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost!
What the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING. The planet is freezing, the ice is building and the G.W. scientists are stuck-a total con job
Entrepreneurs – be tough, resolute &amp; trustworthy. The most crucial time to build your reputation is when you start making deals.
“No one remembers who came in second.” -  Walter Hagen
“The more predictable the business, the more valuable it is. Predictability also means consistency of brand experience.” - Midas Touch
Congratulations to @woodyjohnson4 and @nyjets on yesterday's very exciting game.
Cover your bases--know everything you can about what you're doing. Keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis.
Ask yourself, "Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit.
Be tough, be focused. There are a lot of ups and downs, but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them.
Temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. Global warming folks iced in!
In the upcoming New Year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total VICTORY in all we do!
We're coming up on the NEW YEAR-It is really important that, despite so many stupid decisions being made in Washington, we make it BEST EVER
The global warming  scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME!
We should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing GLOBAL WARMING-a total hoax!
The rescue icebreaker, trying to free the ship of the GLOBAL WARMING scientists, has turned back-the ice is  massive (a record). IRONIC!
Will be working with contractors at Trump National Doral in Miami today.
@ProudlySA  As a major fan of Nelson Mandela and the people of South Africa, all of my statements are made with love. Protect his legacy now
It is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold
O.K., Christmas is over, now we can all go back to the wars of life. Focus, focus, focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory!
I hope everybody is having a FANTASTIC Christmas! No matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out &amp; go on to victory!
The new Pope is a humble man, very much like me, which probably explains why I like him so much!
Merry Christmas, have an amazing day!
Without passion you don't have energy, and without energy, you don't have anything!
“Push yourself again and again. Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds.” - Larry Bird
I could fix existing Tappan Zee Bridge for peanuts. Unfortunately, Gov Cuomo will end up spending more than $10B on this project. $25 tolls?
I'd like to wish all of my friends--and even my many enemies--a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
Entrepreneurs: Put everything you've got into what you're doing. Be totally focused--nothing should be haphazard.
Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
Entrepreneurs: Apply your skills and talent, but above all, be tenacious. See yourself as victorious--which means never giving up.
ALWAYS TRY TO LEARN FROM OTHER PEOPLES MISTAKES, NOT YOUR OWN - IT IS MUCH CHEAPER THAT WAY!
SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
Did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. Never look back, just learn from your experience!
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge--everything starts with you.
Entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems--you'll have them every day. Keep open to new ideas--that's where innovation begins.
@TSeay18 Find work that you love--you have to be passionate about it to succeed. Then focus and never give up!
#3.  Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
#2.  Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
#1. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy!
#HasJustineLandedYet- Justine, what the hell are you doing, are you crazy? Not nice or fair! I will support @AidForAfrica. Justine is FIRED!
@HerschelWalker  GREAT interview with Tim McCarver! Have a fantastic Christmas and New Year.
The Herschel Walker interview on The Tim McCarver Show was  fantastic-much can be learned from watching. Congrats to Herschel and Tim!
With the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on, especially in New York and New Jersey, you would be lucky to have a gun for protection
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami today to check out the brand new and just opened BLUE MONSTER and the spectacular driving range.
It was 25 years ago today that Pan Am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people. @AlexSalmond released the terrorist!
Remember, THE HARDER YOU WORK, THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
Fernando, thank you for the GREAT review of The Blue Monster in South Florida Golf-especially top 10 in the WORLD. I love @SOFLAGOLF!
If you don't believe in yourself, no one else will.
Personally, I think Douglas Durst's brother got screwed by Douglas--no wonder he's angry.
.@AGSchneiderman Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the Freedom Tower to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
.@Richard_Meier, a highly overrated architect, has had many problems with buildings he has designed.
Secret Service members on break from Obama’s $4M vacation are more than welcomed to relax at Hawaii’s top hotel @TrumpWaikiki.
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately--because he is being looked at!
Guess what, folks--the ObamaCare website just went down again. What a disaster.
If you can’t adapt to new situations then you will never be successful. Every change is a new opportunity to use your talent.
“Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.” - Babe Ruth
It’s Friday. How many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of ObamaCare?
White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies, a major blow  to the sustainability (and concept) of ObamaCare! They are desperate
If you fail once, twice, three times, it doesn't matter. Learn from your mistakes and push forward to VICTORY-the sweetest feeling there is!
“Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points.” - Knute Rockne
Young Entrepreneurs – the Holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects. Focus!
Every day Pastor Saeed is imprisoned by Iran is an indictment on Obama’s ‘diplomacy.’ #SaveSaeed
Pres. Obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his ‘native’ Hawaii, putting Secret Service away from families on Christmas. Aloha!
No cuts to welfare, no cuts to food stamps &amp; NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE, yet the new budget cuts military benefits. Sad!
I am so honored by all the great NY State Repubs who came to my office, called &amp; wrote for me to run for Governor. If I do, I will win.
New York Republican leader @EdwardFCox is pushing my friend @RobAstorino into political suicide. Results won’t be pleasant!
Enough about my ties etc. @Macys, but they are doing really big numbers - people love them (and @Macys loves Trump)!
I like Rob Astorino. He's a friend and really good guy. Sadly, he has ZERO chance of beating Cuomo and the 2 to 1 Dems for governor!
Go to Macy's today and buy Trump ties, shirts, suits and cufflinks as a Christmas or holiday present.Great style, great price! ONLY THE BEST
The coolest story is that John Beale, the man who headed up CLIMATE CHANGE for the government, is a proven con man and total phoney.ARRESTED
The more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself, the more time you waste after a setback. Move on and quickly embrace the next challenge!
I just left the Trump Tower atrium--it is packed with great people. #1 tourist attraction in NYC-- Fun!  #TrumpTower
For all of those that think life is easy &amp; don’t want to work, remember: HOPE IS THE POOR MAN’S BREAD.
Alternatives are important but first Repubs must repeal ObamaCare. It's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare.
The Trump Signature Collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. Great style &amp; design exclusively available @Macys.
“If you want the best, you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“You can attack, defend, counterattack, sell or ignore. ”-Roger Ailes to Pres. Reagan during prep for 2nd Mondale debate/ '84 election
I have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never, ever, give up!
@regis  Regis, you are the GREATEST!
FRACK NOW &amp; FRACK FAST!!! American prosperity depends on it. Our economic renaissance is here.
2013 is the worst year ever for Hollywood. Garbage released after garbage. What is going on in these studios?!
“Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.” - Theodore Roosevelt
Prime Minister @David_Cameron is very foolish in giving @AlexSalmond so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying Scotland.
Under President Obama, do you think America will become a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY?
Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent?
@ali_nugent  Good luck on your real estate test - you will be the biggest star of all!
“Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in today’s world.” – Think Like a Champion
Wow, just in-John Beale, the top person in government on climate change (EPA), is a total fraud, and just admitted it! What can they say now
We should be focusing on beautiful, clean air &amp; not on wasteful &amp; very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit! China &amp; others are hurting our air
They call it "climate change" now because the words "global warming" didn't work anymore. Same people fighting hard to keep it all going!
59% of the United States, by area, is now covered in snow-highest % in many years. The "global warming" name isn't working anymore-SORRY!
Wow, it's snowing in Isreal and on the pyramids in Egypt. Are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? MAKE U.S. COMPETITIVE!
President Obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured (or worse) standing next to psycho in  SA.
The United States is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states.Pendulum has swung to cool
@Macys  The Donald J. Trump signature line of shirts, ties, really beautiful suits and cufflinks is the best Christmas &amp; holiday gift by far
Have a GREAT weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. Never lose sight of the victory ahead!
@VanityFair  I love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why I like watching the dismal circulation numbers of Vanity Fair-IT'S DEAD
I really like Nelson Mandela but South Africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people!
“Is business success a natural talent? I think it’s a combination of aptitude, work and luck.” – Think Like a Champion
The evidence continues to mount against lightweight @AGSchneiderman.  It is time for JCOPE and Moreland Commissions to act.
@PolitiFact’s #LieOfTheYear is Obama’s if you like your health care plan, you can keep it. Wrong. It’s the lie of the decade.
The ill-conceived windfarm that @AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay!
Sources inside @AGSchneiderman’s office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss.
My complaint against @AGSchneiderman is a “case study” for JCOPE &amp; Moreland Commissions on everything that is wrong with NYS politics.
Can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic South Africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy. Such danger-give 10 years!
What a sad thing that the  memory of Nelson Mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral!
How amazing, the State Health Director who verified copies of Obama’s “birth certificate” died in plane crash today. All others lived
I hope you all are looking at the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection of ties, shirts &amp; cufflinks @Macys—great for Christmas &amp; holidays.
A $1.5B website that can only handle 50K users at a time is sad but no surprise!
Our prayers are with Rev. @BillyGraham for a speedy recovery. His faith continues to inspire us all.
Had dinner last night at Megu, 845 United Nations Plaza--fabulous food, beautiful restaurant.
This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever, freezing all over the country for long periods of time! So much for GLOBAL WARMING.
I will be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9 p.m. on CNN. Tune in!
@BenCooner @RED931FM @SCOTTHALLNWO @Jassisidhu @b_coalition @WWE @0 Happy Birthday Sarina.
Why does Conde Nast allow dopey Graydon Carter to run bad food restaurants while running failing @VanityFair magazine?
President Obama's approval rating, at 38%, is at an all-time low. Gee, I wonder why?
@TrumpDoral  The brand new Blue Monster at Trump National Doral has recieved GREAT reviews from the golf critics. Check it out-opens Dec. 14
@TrumpDoral  The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral opens for play on Saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course!
It's amazing how badly the Knicks and Nets are playing. Everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. Too bad!
Re Kerry admitting to “working” for Pastor Abedini’s release--why has US already released Iranian spies &amp; nuclear scientist? Dumb!
.@JohnKerry claims he has "never stopped working” f/Pastor Abedini’s release through “back channels."  Where are the results?
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.
-- Nelson Mandela
“Know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will.” – Think Like a Champion
.@MarkHalperin’s and John Heilemann’s  book, Double Down, is an excellent read on the just passed election. Great book, congrats! @jheil
Come on MLB, do the right thing! Let @PeteRose_14 into the Hall.  No drugs—just hard work and talent!
Iran must immediately allow Christian #PastorSaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions (which should never have been lifted)
Naghmeh Abedini, the lovely wife of the Christian Pastor Saeed being held in an Iranian jail, just left my office. #savesaeed
State Senator Shirley Huntley "ratted" on black politicians &amp; was believed--when she ratted on @AGSchneiderman, nobody listened. Racism!
Major League Baseball: The best thing you can do is let @PeteRose_14---your all time hits leader---into the Hall of Fame. It's time!
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
The ill-conceived windfarm that @AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years.@AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay!
WH claims it lied about Pres. Obama living with his uncle b/c “wasn’t mentioned in his book.” I guess Bill Ayers never knew about it!
Graydon Carter, whose reign over failing @VanityFair has been a disaster, has acted in two movies--both bombed &amp; got bad reviews.
It’s time for @PeteRose_14 to enter @MLB’s @BaseballHall. All time hits leader has paid the price.
Congrats to @JoeTorre, @TonyLaRussa &amp; Bobby Cox on all being unanimously elected to @MLB’s @BaseballHall! Great leaders &amp; managers.
“Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.” – Nelson Mandela
Just read @PiersMorgan’s book “Shooting Straight” and whether you love him or hate him (I’m in the first category), it is terrific.
Just left Florida, amazing how well State is doing-- jobs way up, taxes down. Congrats to @FLGovScott
I really enjoy doing @foxandfriends every Monday at 7 AM.  @sdoocy, @ehasselbeck and @kilmeade are great people.
The Unaffordable Care Act, sometimes referred to as ObamaCare, is not working. Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!
Obama said he never met his uncle, Oscar, who was arrested for whatever. Turns out he lived with his uncle in Boston. SO MANY LIES!
@VanityFair   Wow, I just looked at the circulation numbers - Vanity Fair Magazine won't be around much longer, it's really in bad shape!
Just got back to New York from California. Will be on Fox  &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ObamaCare and other disasters to be discussed
P.S. - There is also something really good to say about humility. Being confident and humble is a great combination, maybe the best of all!
People are always asking me about the very special word, CONFIDENCE. The fact is there is (almost) nothing like it. Is derived from winning!
Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser - having a healthy ego, or high opinion of yourself, is a real positive in life!
@LoisPope1   Word is that the dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago, hosted by the incomparable Lois Pope, was fabulous. Big money raised for charity
In making big money, knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient, including money itself!
My father Fred Trump left me a relatively small amount of money (compared to where I am today-over $10 billion) but vast amount of knowledge
Don't underestimate yourself--or your possibilities. There are always opportunities.
“After every setback, start thinking big as soon as possible.” - Think Big
@trumthomp  Thanks.
My shirts, ties &amp; cufflinks @Macys have never been better or more beautiful. Great holiday gifts, great price.
“You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.” - 
@MichaelPhelps
It's Friday. How much money has been wasted on defunct ObamaCare website today?
Looking forward to hosting @NaghmehAbedini next week @TrumpTowerNY. The White House has  abandoned her husband, Christian Pastor Abedini.
Iran has never had a better friend than Obama.
.@BillBratton was a great choice for NYC Police Commissioner. He will make us proud, and safe!
@KBetter52 Thank you.
We should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming!
Great going to all of Dubai in winning what will be a fantastic #Expo2020 - we will all be there!
@RobertW33157775 Thanks.
Ice storm rolls from Texas to Tennessee - I'm in Los Angeles and it's freezing. Global warming is a total, and very expensive, hoax!
It always seems impossible until it is done. --Nelson Mandela
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- Nelson Mandela
Why is it that when Warren Buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit, nobody cares, but with me they go nuts!
.@VattenfallGroup couldn’t sell its money losing Aberdeen windfarm—so @AlexSalmond forced phony extension. @AberdeenCC @Aberdeenshire
The problem w/ the concept of "global warming" is that the U.S. is spending a fortune on "fixing it" while China &amp; others do nothing!
Wow, record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. Must be global warming, I mean climate change!
Congrats to @msnbc for firing Martin Bashir—don’t feel badly, he didn’t get ratings anyway. @SarahPalinUSA
Sleazebag @BashirLive has just been forced to resign from @msnbc. His pathetic apology wasn’t enough to save his job.  @SarahPalinUSA
Denver, Minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record. What are the global warming geniuses saying about this?
“The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer.” – John Madden
There are no short cuts to any place worth going.-- Beverly Sills
@Candy_Uptigrove  Thanks.
@codyaa722 Yes, it will happen.
@jeffreypham Great!
@MichaelArrante Happy Birthday
@PaulSRiddell  Thank you.
@wakimotho  Thanks.
@Brown97M Thank you.
@StefThomason Great!
@puddlejumper365 You have to have passion for your work. That's most important. Then keep your focus intact. Good luck.
You can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. Just remember, they all want to be YOU!
With few exceptions, only really smart people are able to make a lot of money. Hard work is also important, but "brains" will supersede.
I just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman-he should resign from office!
Too bad about New York Magazine, but there's a much bigger one out there, currently doing a story on me to get even, that I'll soon discuss!
Remember I predicted that New York Magazine would  fold and people scoffed? Just announced (N.Y.Post) it lost big $'s &amp; is cutting way back!
@Laker_Steve   Thanks Steve!
“If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - John Wooden
@griffithspb  Thanks.
@clary77 Thank you.
@KevRedford Have fun, enjoy NYC.
“Build your reputation on intelligence, responsibility, and results. That’s building the right way.” – Think Like a Champion
Congratulations to the White House. For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair!
Dying @GQMagazine just named me to a list. Too bad GQ is no longer relevant—won’t be around long!
A fine man, Dr. Paul F. Crouch, has just passed away. All Christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work. @TBN
@pinguspusher Thank you.
The least number of hurricanes in the U.S. in decades. So they change global warming (too cold) to climate change-now what will they call it
That was a great football game.
@10AJMcCarron  AJ is a GREAT quarterback who is finally being recognized as such - a total winner. What a pass!
Wow, the ObamaCare website, which President Obama said would be working TODAY, is a total mess with many functions not even thought about!
Just left $259 million rebuilding of Doral in Miami. Amazing - Trump National Doral will be a masterpiece (if I do say so myself)!
I hope you buy my shirts and ties at @Macys
Today is the day that ObamaCare website was supposed to be up and working. WRONG-website is closed down, a total disaster! 90 million doomed
First Minister Salmond should stop his fruitless drive for obsolete wind turbines in Scotland-he would become popular again!  @alexsalmond
Trump International in Dubai  will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. Congratulations to @damacofficial for their genius!
Congratulations to Dubai on winning the rights to host Expo 2020! A great place winning a major global event.@damacofficial  @dubaiexpo2020
My ties, shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautiful-THE BEST-available at Macy's!
Work begins on the Old Post Office in Washington D.C. in 3 months. It will soon become one of the great hotels of the world.
I am in Miami at Trump National Doral. Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14.
@RSPBScotland  RSPB IS A TOTAL JOKE-They went for  bird chopping wind turbines in @Aberdeenshire and fought me on bird friendly golf course!
@RSPBScotland @alexsalmond, the same man that released Pan Am terrorist for humane reasons, will destroy Scotland with grotesque turbines!
@RSPBScotland must fight to save the massive bird population which will be devastated by wind turbines in @Aberdeenshire. @alexsalmond
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE, ENJOY YOUR DAY!
I truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world.
Can you believe that "President" Karzai of Afghanistan is holding out for more, more, more and refuses to sign deal. Tell him to go to hell!
Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED, I do not like firing people. But ZERO on ObamaCare mess-no way!
Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie, announce that ObamaCare was a mistake, and deal a really great plan!
US froze $8B in Iranian assets during ’79 Hostage Crisis. Now Obama is giving it back to Iran while Christian Pastor is jailed. Don't do it!
Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers!
Tell Iran to let our Christian Pastor go--and I mean right now. If they don't, there will be hell to pay.
Make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. It is a special time. Love and appreciate your family.
The $1B failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the ObamaCare. Over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year.
@thesween_bean Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving.
“Learn, know, and show. It’s a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.” – Think Like a Champion
@Nicole_Tri16 @TrumpTowerNY  Thank you.
@PatrickJFSmith   Thanks.
@SeanKAnderson Great!
@CDaeda @RSPBScotland @Natures_Voice No way, they are bird killing machines.
@FrankMDavisJR @TrumpTowerNY  Thanks.
@mckay317 @TrumpTowerNY  I will check it out, thanks.
Mr. President, tell Iran to immediately free the CHRISTIAN PASTOR, as a sign of good faith, &amp; if they refuse break off talks--big sanctions
President Obama said, over and over again, if you like your plan, you can keep your plan, PERIOD! This turned out to be a total lie-90 mill.
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
Set the example. You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example.
How does Obama rationalize giving Iran $8B in sanction relief when a Christian pastor is being tortured in an Iranian prison?
When do we sue the company-- for billions-- that robbed us in creating the hapless ObamaCare website?
I can't believe no one has been fired over the ObamaCare website fiasco!
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
I will be in Palm Beach, Jupiter, and Miami today checking on big construction projects. I love Florida and love on time and on budget const
President Obama is finally getting hammered, even by his most loyal supporters and the press-I guess they can only take so much!
New poll, WOW-53% say President Obama is not honest &amp; trustworthy. What took them so long. Go back and look at his house purchase in Chicago
Don't worry, THE UNITED STATES WILL BE GREAT AGAIN!
Just got home, watching the news, and every story is bad about the U.S. Someday we will return to being great again, but we need leadership!
“The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.” – The Art of The Deal.
Obama is going to take away over 90M Americans’ healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that.
Who would  you rather have negotiating with Iran--President Obama or Toronto Mayor Ford? My money is on Ford.
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact, and focus on the positives.
After settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars, J.P.Morgan's lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-DUMB!
Best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - TRUMP: THE ART OF THE DEAL.  Go get it, and others, Washington - you really can do better!
I know it has been many years since our country made great deals, but isn't it about time we start, right now. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal, especially one that is not complete, is that it shows weakness to the other side
John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate deals,they just go on to the next one
Tom Brady is a good friend of mine, a great player, a great guy and a total winner! Fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs!
Tom Brady has done a great job tonight-amazing New England comeback. Good game- not over yet!
We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. WHY?
How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent     leader - ObamaCare, Iran, Syria, bads deals. JUST NEVER ENDS
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7. Will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence, of which our "leaders" have plenty!
I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election. He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE
How far has the United States gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with Iran. Read THE ART OF THE DEAL!
What a rotten deal we made with Iran. We get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). They get everything, including delay and big cash!
They changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working!
The people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you ObamaCare!
Snow and ice, freezing weather, in Texas, Arizona and Oklahoma - what the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING?
Get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious (and violent) than the assaulter-and crime would end FAST!
The scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn't feel that way with a gun at their head!
We are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the Iran nuclear talks. Strengthen sanctions until GREAT deal is made!
Young entrepreneurs – keep positive. Don’t let the ObamaCare disaster stop your endeavors. There are great opportunities out there.
@Pattycake77777 Happy Birthday!
It’s Friday. How many millions has the White House wasted on the ObamaCare website today?
Republicans have the right approach to ObamaCare – let it fail.  Free market solutions will be embraced by Americans in 2016.
Thomas Jefferson wrote the Senate filibuster rule. Harry Reid &amp; Obama killed it yesterday.  Rule was in effect for over 200 years.
Since the Democrats decided to kill the filibuster, they now own it.Republicans should keep the new rule when they're in the majority.
If JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years, nobody would be suing them—easy target.
For all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack, please remember the late, great Charles Bronson-no more crime!
Weak newscasters are asking "is there a racial component to knockout attacks?" Of course there is and weakness will only make it worse!
If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged, and you carry a gun, shoot the bastard (teach them a lesson)!
Knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. We better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns!
Host of the 2017 U.S. Women's Open, Trump Bedminster has been rated one of America's best golf courses.
We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan. Their government has zero appreciation. Let's get out!
Florida Power &amp; Light did a fantastic job of providing service &amp; energy during the big storm in Palm Beach. @insideFPL
Today will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind, VICTORY!
@morningmika   I'm watching Joe (who is 100% correct on Afghanistan) fondling the once great Time Magazine-so sad to see how skimpy it is!
Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by U.S.A.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT!
@SwanRose2013  I create jobs!
@Facebook_Ben Thanks.
@chadasletten Thanks.
@nolanitenyc Sad!
@DamonCanel @TrumpLasVegas Thank you.
@libertybellskp So true!
$1B down another $1B to go. ObamaCare website is 40% unfinished. This is beyond pathetic.
Congratulations to @MikeTyson on the success of his new book "Undisputed Truth" &amp; @HBO special--and thanks for the nice words, Mike.
@WantonSoop  True!
@MeghanFaheyy Great!
@matt_marcolini @MissUniverse @TrumpTowerNY Thank you.
Afghanistan leaders want the U.S. to keep 20, 000 troops there for many more years, fully paid for by the U.S., but first they want apology.
Work is fun, deals are fun, life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. Go out there and make your family proud.
ALWAYS BORROW MONEY FROM A PESSIMIST BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER EXPECT IT TO BE PAID BACK!
“Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money.”  - Jef I. Richards
The next ObamaCare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans.
Broken promises. A broken billion dollar website. ObamaCare can’t be fixed. Repeal!
Jamie Dimon just gave away $13B to government in settlement. Terrible move &amp; bad precedent.  Could have done much better by fighting.
@chucktodd @meetthepress @jack_welch Chuck--very fair, best wishes!
Last October on @meetthepress, @chucktodd attacked @jack_welch and I for saying Obama cooked the job number. Will he apologize?
Congratulations to @MariaBartiromo on her big move to @FoxBusiness. She is a total winner!
Go to work today, be smart, think positively and WIN!
I took some heat a long time ago when I said that George Zimmerman was a sicko and bad news. I know people and this guy is no good-trouble!
Our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow Americans suffering from the storms &amp; tornadoes.
President Obama played golf yesterday???
The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right!
I will be going to Trump National Doral in Miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new Blue Monster. AMAZING!
How did the NCAA, which is weak and becoming irrelevant, extract such a big &amp; reputation shattering settlement from Penn State. Others zero!
Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for ObamaCare.
The wimps that run Penn State should be forced to resign (and be sued) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy
I wonder if the Rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming?
Football coaches are no longer allowed to scream and yell at their players because it is discriminatory,racist and can be viewed as bullying
I wonder what the late, great Vince Lombardi would say about the Rutgers football player who says he is being bullied because coach yelled?
The real J.P.Morgan is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes. A settler is a soft target
13 BILLION, 4.5 BILLION-these are the stupid settlements that J.P.Morgan just made. Why don't they FIGHT? No wonder they keep getting sued.
@not_that_actor   Very good!
@gary4205   Thanks Gary.
@EveningExpress   Thank you for your fair and balanced reporting. You provide a great and important service to the people of Scotland!
@ReaIOsmelSousa   Great job in helping our wonderful Miss Universe - there is nobody like you - CONGRATULATIONS!
“Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.” - Vince Lombardi
Again, more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
Rumor has it Apple is going to release iPhones with bigger screens. That's good news.
“Be tough, be smart, be personable but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion
“A true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better.” – Midas Touch
The only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of ObamaCare. You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!
Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday, or what? He has got to start telling the truth - NO MORE LIES OR DECEPTION!
The cast has been largely selected for next year's Celebrity Apprentice.  Wait 'till you hear the names-AMAZING! Season 14-many nights at #1
@grouponegav   Yes, online through Macy's.
“He who defends everywhere, defends nowhere.” – Sun Tzu
I'll be on @gretawire On the Record tonight to talk about the ObamaCare fiasco--7 pm on Fox News
More dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
@MikeDemkiw  True!
Breaking news--negotiations with Iranians broke down because Obama insisted that they use ObamaCare.
President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter!
In a new poll a majority of people felt  the president "knowingly lied" about health care pledge. Who are the fools who don't think he lied?
@BretBaier  You are doing really great - keep it up (of which I have no doubt).
The same people that built the ObamaCare website used, as the face of the website, someone who is not a US citizen. Incompetent.
Can you believe it—the model who mysteriously disappeared from the ObamaCare website is not a US citizen—she’s from Colombia.
No matter how far down a path you go, if it's the wrong path, turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
ObamaCare is on LIFE SUPPORT - it will soon be DEAD ON ARRIVAL - A bad concept that was imcompetently administered!
President Obama is under pressure from Democrats to undo his lie on ObamaCare. His problem is that such a move would end ObamaCare.
ObamaCare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4,992,343 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE, LESS THAN 50,OOO NEW SIGNUPS.
Everyone should watch the documentary ‘Windfall’ on @netflix. See an upstate NY town ruined by environmentalists &amp; windfarms.
@oliviaculpo @AgalarovAras @eminofficial @IamStevenT @crocuscityhall Crocus City Hall in Moscow is a fabulous place!
Miss USA pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor, but it won't be in Miami Doral in 2014-- Mayor Boria voted against it. I want total support!
@eminofficial  Emin, your performance at Miss Universe was fantastic - you are a STAR!
@Judithdbailey   Thank you!
@WCMartzOfficial  Thank you.
“True courage is being afraid, and going ahead and doing your job anyhow!” - General Norman Schwarzkopf
@AgalarovAras   I had a great weekend with you and your family. You have done a FANTASTIC job. TRUMP TOWER-MOSCOW is next. EMIN was WOW!
.@IamStevenT gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever @MissUniverse. Standing ovation!
Happy Veterans Day to ALL, in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!!
WE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE!
Don't worry, when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made, we will start doing the right things.
While I was in Moscow I see that President Obsma apologized for his lie, I mean statement, on ObamaCare! How nice of him to be so forthright
The Republicans must be patient and smart - ObamaCare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible!
If Justice Roberts had done the right thing and voted against ObamaCare, our country would be in a lot better shape right now! TOTAL TURMOIL
Drew Brees is having a great game - a fantastic quarterback and really good guy!
If we could force Russia, China and other competitors to use ObamaCare, we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success!
Remember that I predicted a long time ago that President Obama will attack Iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled!
I will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.ºº
I just got back from Russia-learned lots &amp; lots. Moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! U.S. MUST BE VERY SMART AND VERY STRATEGIC.
I was just given a great tour of Moscow - fantastic, hard working people. CITY IS REALLY ENERGIZED! The World will be watching tonight!
I'm in Moscow for Miss Universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard, they are all winners. Total sellout of arena. Big night in Russia!
Leadership: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible.
Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort. Be totally focused.
Success tip: Be ready for problems, and be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
“Don’t toss off your problems, and don’t dwell on them either. Deal with them!” – Think Like a Champion
“Read the Bible. Work hard and honestly. And don't complain.” – Rev. @BillyGraham
Upstate New York needs jobs. Frack Now &amp; Frack Fast! Pay off NY State debt.
We still have not learned the full truth on Benghazi.  Four Americans were killed. Congress must act!
At least 3.5M fellow Americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of ObamaCare. Defund then repeal!
Looking forward to attending the GREAT Rev. @BillyGraham’s birthday party tonight--there's nobody like him!
Had dinner this week at @MEGUNYC (at Trump World Tower) opposite the United Nations—fantastic food! 212.964.7777
I will be going to Asheville, North Carolina, tonight for the 95th birthday party of the GREAT Billy Graham - such a wonderful man!
If Democrats do not start opposing ObamaCare, and fast, Republicans will have a massive victory in 2014 - far greater than any predictions!
A level will be reached where ObamaCare will be so out of control, expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship.
Prediction: The disaster known as ObamaCare will only get worse and Republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years!
Put Kathleen Sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say, YOU'RE FIRED! Let her go home to her family and rest. BRING IN TOP FLIGHT PEOPLE!
She is so sad and pathetic that I almost feel sorry for Sec.Sebelius. She has done great harm to many people and must be fired. Incompetent!
Just sit back and watch, ObamaCare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. The website is the best part of this mess!
When Obama tried to tweak his previous statement on ObamaCare he made it an even greater lie-even the Senate Democrats are angry with him!
Use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. This is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.
Job tip: If you were the employer, what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? Be that person.
Success tip: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talent--and be tenacious.
“If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand.” – Milton Friedman
@Rizz_Lizz You're right--doesn't fit my image.
@rrpsllc  Thank you.
@Andy241097 Thank you.
@dnewman83 Thank you.
@prdnjoy67 No, #Darnell does.
“Recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs. Everyone is counting on you.” – Midas Touch
Our NOBEL PRIZE FOR PEACE president said "I'm really good at killing people" according to just out book Double Down. Can Oslo retract prize?
The truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in U.S. would benefit!
Can you believe that the builder of the failed ObamaCare website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - CLUELESS!!!
Revisionist history. Now Obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans. Crazy!
I would gain a whole new respect for President Obama if he would say, "look, we made a big mistake, sorry!" No more lies or deception.
Lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with ObamaCare!
Wow, just watching the news.ObamaCare and the website are TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL. Costs are through the roof. This could be ruinous to U.S.!
@GOP House has the right bill: “If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.” The Senate must take it up on a vote!
The ObamaCare website will cost over $1.5B when all is said and done. Crazy!
@zak_boxer Never give up!
@JShue20 Great!
Everyone is telling me that @EliotSpitzer is going to run against lightweight @AGSchneiderman--Spitzer would win!
@sundayhorse  Thanks.
@BrightonPatriot @Mulder1981 @AlexSalmond True--he is killing Scotland!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in five minutes - enjoy and good morning!
Millions losing healthcare plans despite President Obama's promise that this WOULD NOT HAPPEN! What about a massive protest march on D.C.
“Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.” – Think Like a Champion
“Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.” - Andrew Carnegie
@wsaleen  Thanks.
@SonnyGirard  True.
The bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool, great guy. I'm going to send him $10, 000-he deserves it!
“Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.” – Conrad Hilton
@CasaMadison Thanks.
@duncanrj1969 Thanks.
So we can spy on our ally’s leaders but can’t water board terrorists?
It’s Thursday. @billmaher is still a very dumb guy--just look at his past.
“If you like your healthcare plan you can keep it.” = “I was born in Hawaii.”
Congratulations to Boston on the @RedSox World Series victory. Earned and deserved.
Gary Sinise is doing tremendous work for veterans through his foundation—check it out @GarySiniseFound
The ObamaCare website is unfixable &amp;  rumor has it that they will stop checks &amp; balances—a free-for-all that will cost the country trillions
“Learn, work, and think in equal proportions, and you’ll be going in the right direction.” – Think Like a Champion
“The best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates.” – Midas Touch
Isn't the WORLD tired of hearing President Obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes!
Looks like a very good World Series game!
How come Snowden and ObamaCare have access to all records and information but don't have even the smallest tidbits on President Obama?
ObamaCare is a disaster and Snowden is a spy who should be executed-but if it and he could reveal Obama's records,I might become a major fan
“You're never a loser until you quit trying.” - Mike Ditka
China just called. They want to lend Obama another $1B for the ObamaCare web site.
If Obama was willing to lie about ObamaCare then what else has he lied to us about…
Four brave Americans died in Benghazi. Administration is still covering up the truth. We deserve to know the full truth.
Congrats to @rushlimbaugh on the release of his new book “Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims.” #1 on @amazon and @bnbooks. Must read!
It is now a FACT that President Obama lied in order to get ObamaCare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-INTERESTING
I hear @billmaher really bombed in Springfield--people were leaving show way early--stupid guy!
Won’t be a buyer’s market for long. If you can, purchase a home but remember, I told you this three years ago.
Fact – all the countries complaining about us spying on them spy on us. They just don't get caught--stupid!
.@AlexSalmond  of Scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. I can’t imagine that anyone wants him in office.
.@AlexSalmond –the man who let terrorist (Pan Am Flight 103) al-Megrahi  go, lost another battle over ugly wind turbines in Blackdog.
.@AlexSalmond suffered a huge defeat by the people of Blackdog. Communities all over Scotland are fighting this loser.
When will @AlexSalmond realize that he's destroying Scotland--the most beautiful countryside in the world w/ his stupid wind turbines?
Great victory for people of Blackdog, Scotland. They defeated substation, stopping inefficient &amp; ugly wind turbines.@AlexSalmond
Maybe if Obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster!
I just don't know why some of these NFL teams with lousy quarterbacks don't give Tim Tebow a chance - what do they have to lose?
There are so many blatant lies coming out of the ADMINISTRATION - healthcare, spying, NSA, IRS, brutally killed Americans -WILL IT EVER END?
Does anybody really think that President Obama didn't know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible!
Like your current health care plan? Too bad, you’re going to lose it under ObamaCare. Hope, Change &amp; a  300% Increase in Your Premium.
Contractors can blame Obama admin all day for their $600M failure but both parties are at fault--pay taxpayers back.
I don’t know why our allies are so surprised Obama is tapping their phones? Nothing changes!
Yesterday was Matt Drudge's birthday --Happy Birthday @DRUDGE--and great job!
@johan_jwc Because he paid me far more than it was worth!
@bradkovach Sadly true!
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00.  Will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more!
The new line of Trump ties, shirts and cufflinks are out at Macy's and are really beautiful at a really reasonable.price. Go check them out!
President Obama should bring Secretaty Sebelius into his office, look right into her beautiful blue eyes and say,with emotion, YOU'RE FIRED!
@10AJMcCarron  Great game against Tennessee  by the most unappreciated (by the media) quarterback in college football - and no more tattoos!
Good night everyone - sleep well and tomorrow have many victories!
I must say that some of these college football games are great tonight-very exciting-I wish I had more time to watch!
@ManagersDiary   Thank you-always a good thought.
Isn't it amazing that the U.S. and NSA can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can't get O's records!
At this point the legacy of the Obama Administration will be, sadly, that of THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT - what a pathetic mess!
With the $635 million dollar website fiasco, getting caught tapping phones of WORLD LEADERS and so much more, U.S. is looking really stupid!
Can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by NSA.Obama mess
@pbrooks65. Great taste, enjoy!
First Titantic sunk on its maiden voyage.Next the Hindenburg explodes on its first flight to America.Now we suffer the ObamaCare rollout!
When a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over again-then sue the culprits and use the proper team!
“You want to compete, and you want to compete at the highest level.” - @boonepickens
Great meeting @GarySinise at @AmSpec dinner. Besides his great acting, Gary does tremendous work for vets through his foundation.
.@BoonePickens  Thank you for the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award—a great honor for me from a fantastic man.
Jeffrey Lord @AmSpec—Thank you for the presentation—terrific job!
Bob Tyrrell @AmSpec—Thank you--and also for the great work you do.
Great evening with the @AmSpec &amp; the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Amazing crowd—thank you!
Good advice from my mother, Mary MacLeod Trump: “Trust in God and be true to  yourself.”
Good advice from my father, Fred C. Trump:
"Know everything you can about what you're doing."
You've got something unique to offer. Find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist?
@OriginalArts1 @TrumpTowerNY Thanks.
“Discovery breeds discovery, as in success breeds success. Questions are thoughts with a quest.” – Think Like a Champion
It was just determined that the woman who passed out at Obama’s press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be!
@RyDev22  Great!
@strommer07 Yes and thanks.
@DanAmira   Apology accepted.
If the Saudis are so concerned about Syria then they should go in themselves. Stop telling us to do their dirty work.
I’ll soon be leaving for Washington where @AmSpec will give me the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award. Very exciting!
Where’s the accountability for the $635M website fiasco in the Obama administration? Heads should roll and officials should be fired
Why doesn't President Obama call upon the NSA to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters &amp; arrest them!
Honestly, whether you're for or against ObamaCare, the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the U.S. It makes us look totally inept!
Breaking news - The Washington Redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name Washington from their name!
If you want to succeed, keep your edge. Staying on top of all new developments in your sector = major advantage that pays dividends.
Have time to waste? Go to the ObamaCare website.
“America is too great for small dreams.” — Pres. Ronald Reagan
Looking forward to receiving the T. Boone Pickens Entrepreneur Award at tomorrow’s @AmSpec Robert L. Bartley Gala dinner.
@SGTeel  Great, thanks!
“Sure, the home-field is an advantage - but so is having a lot of talent.” - @DanMarino
Message to Edward Snowden, you’re banned from @MissUniverse. Unless you want me to take you back home to face justice!
On November 9th @MissUniverse comes to Moscow! Hosted by the wonderful duo of @OfficialMelB &amp; @ThomasARoberts in Crocus City Hall!
@bgholms  Thanks.
@RajvirBoparai  Thanks, good luck.
@MacFaddenRyan @SongMemories Hi Ryan.
.@VanityFair magazine is doing so poorly that they make even @NYMag look good. Graydon Carter should’ve been fired a long time ago.
@willdavenport1 Great, thanks.
“Sixteen” @TrumpChicago is winning accolades and is a destination point restaurant—don’t miss it!
Trump Int’l Hotel &amp; Tower Chicago is one of very few hotels in No. America w/ a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Hotel &amp; a 5 Star, 5 Diamond Restaurant...
@ukn96 They get fired.
@Beliefheals  Thank you, good luck.
Doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
I would bet that we have many great American technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic ObamaCare website for ZERO dollars!
Why doesn't President Obama just get the people from Google to fix the failed   website. In fact, why didn't he use them in the first place!
@Richardjnandlal  Very nice, best wishes!
@ArcturusRex4. Good question!
@NYMag   I hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing, boring abd totally biased New York "Ragazine"-SAVE YOUR MONEY!
THE ROLLOUT OF OBAMACARE IS A TOTAL DISASTER AND AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR COUNTRY. THE WORLD IS WATCHING AND LAUGHING.$635,000,000 WEBSITE!
@NYMag   In every interview New York Magazine has done for years they ask the same question - "What do you think of Donald Trump?" Beggars!
@NYMag  Can you imagine a top editor at New York Magazine calling for my death-if they were responsible, he would be fired! Totally biased.
@NYMag   Wow, numbers are really looking bad at  New York Magazine. While very boring, it is also very biased. Too bad, was once great!
Just like its website, ObamaCare is a disaster.Maybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own!
Secy. Sebelius, who was responsible for the horrendous ObamaCare rollout, should resign or be fired.Refuses to go before Congress to explain
@ThomasARoberts   Thomas, you will be a fantastic host of the Miss Universe Pageant live from Moscow on Nov 9. Great doing your show today!
I hope everyone that read @DanAmira's reprehensible statement will cancel their subscription to @NYMag in protest. Let me know.
No wonder @NYMag is doing so poorly, with an idiot Sr. Editor like @DanAmira, it will only get worse!
@DanAmira @NYMag A terrible statement like that shows how desperate you and your magazine are. You should be ashamed.
Canadians kicked out the firm that the U.S. paid all that money to for the failed website. How stupid are our "leaders"? This is a scandal!
Wow, China's growth accelerated 7.8% in third quarter.  If the U.S. had half that number we would be the talk of the World - need leadership
No surprise Saudis turned down spot on UN Security Council. They don’t want  responsibility. Just have us do their heavy lifting.
I love watching the dishonest writers @NYMag suffer the magazine’s failure.
Our country is being run by total amateurs. Let’s just call it “amateur hour.”
Can you imagine a Canadian company developing our website? Terrible way to put Americans back to work.
Honored to be attending Rev. @BillyGraham’s 95th birthday. His life &amp; work has brought hope &amp; faith to millions worldwide.
This will be one of the biggest and most beautiful Miss Universe events ever.
The 2013 MISS UNIVERSE® Pageant
will take place in Russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest.
@nbrenewables @TrumpScotland Thank you.
@WayneEtnyre @TrumpLasVegas Thank you.
@southpaw816 @WSJSports @MikeBloomberg @jacknicklaus So nice, thank you.
@itscharlotteann Thanks!
ObamaCare website fiasco was a SINGLE bid to a Canadian company - terrible!
I build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost NOTHING. OUR GOVERNMENT SPENT ALMOST $535, 000, 000 for NOTHING
The contract to build the ObamaCare website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55, 744, 081. It then bloated to $292, 071,067 INCOMPETENCE
By the way, New York State MUST LOWER TAXES (and fast) and must start going after all of the "energy" that lies just below our feet (now)!
Thanks for all of the great support but I just don't see myself wanting to run for Governor of New York - I have something else in mind!
I'm on the David Letterman @LateShow tonight--looking forward to it. 11:35 PM on CBS.
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
A winning attitude will put everything in perspective. Keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture.
Apple must make the IPhone screen bigger. Losing major market share.
Obama administration is killing American industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking. Terrible for economy.
.@BMP_Music_Event  Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
@BMP_Music_Event  Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
Remember, if you don't pat yourself on the back, nobody else will. Take credit for your successes and don't let others forget!!!!!!
I'm glad that Mark Cuban won the ridiculous case with the    S.E.C.  It never should have been brought in the first place!
What a great day it was yesterday showing the public Trump Links at Ferry Point. I took over a disaster and made it GREAT! Good job to all!
@WSJSports @MikeBloomberg @jacknicklaus  True and thanks.
@bahia6085 So nice, thank you.
@DJCastiello Thanks.
@GlobalGolfPost Thank you.
@missharleyd49 Thank you.
Just left Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point.  Ribbon cutting w/@MayorBloomberg &amp; @jacknicklaus was spectacular. Lots of people &amp; jobs!
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point will host many major championships over the years. Great thing for NYC—congratulations to all!
Trump Links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $'s &amp; prestige to N.Y.C.!
Will be cutting ribbon at           10 A.M. with Mayor Bloomberg and Jack Nicklaus for the opening of TRUMP LINKS at FERRY POINT.
Republicans seem intent on negotiating against themselves. Many senior Senators are doing Obama’s bidding. Can’t win this way.
@KarenAsh1560 @B_Cat41 Happy Birthday!
“Experience, knowledge, &amp; prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate any of them.”  Think Like a Champion
Thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of Ivanka's little boy - so nice!
My beautiful daughter Ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. Jared and Ivanka are very proud!
@Roc_Cayard   So nice, thank you.
@BillNojay   Thank you for your great confidence! OUR STATE, LIKE OUR COUNTRY, IS IN SERIOUS TROUBLE. Keep up the good fight.
@Prince_Keign Perhaps--no decision yet.
@yankeefan3000 Thanks--@Macys.com
@ComplexGenius  Thanks.
@IanCurbishley Thank you.
@AlyssaMenasci My honor.
@SkiingElvis It will be the country's finest resort!
@905K9 Thanks.
As an addition, Apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! They're losing their standing in the market!
@AlyssaMenasci You have to have passion for your work. That's crucial. Then focus on it and don't give up.
@905K9 Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities, and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
@AnnetteNavaret  Great.
@christineinsatx  Thank you Christine.
@TiffanyATrump   Happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. We are all proud of you!
@AdityaTaday   Thank you!
Somebody got rich building the ObamaCare website which doesn't even come close to working - where has the money gone?
I know a great deal about websites etc. but I am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the ObamaCare site-&amp; disaster
@IvankaTrump @TrumpChicago  Great news!
@kfonkwa @PiersMorganLive  Thank you.
@wrhitchcock Thank you and true!
@KeithR69 @Giants True!
@CaroleCJF  Thank you.
@redneckcowboy_1 @piersmorgan Thanks.
How do you spend over $635M on websites and they don't work?
Congrats to Jim Lipton and Inside the Actors Studio for winning the Emmy Award for the 250th Episode. I was honored to appear in it.
@NeanderthalMan1 @BarackObama Quickly.
@jacobmathews @PiersMorganLive Piers is a good man, even if we disagree with him.
Personally, I think Douglas Durst’s brother got screwed by Douglas—no wonder he’s angry!
Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the World Trade Center to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
I wouldn’t use @Richard_Meier to design a doghouse, let alone a house or building!
@Richard_Meier, a highly overrated architect, has had many problems with buildings he designed downtown--&amp; others!
Lightweight @AGSchneiderman is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately—because he is being looked at!
“Problems, setbacks, mistakes &amp; losses are all part of life. We shouldn't be shocked if and when they happen.” – Think Like a Champion
“If it’s worth doing, it’s worth fighting for. You’ll have lots of people and obstacles in your way. Work &amp; fight to get beyond them."
Jack Welch thinks Sam Palmisano, retired CEO of IBM, should be the next CEO of MICROSOFT. Interesting!
@jmackd10   Thank you.
@suereformer   Tell John he is a total winner!
@DigGower @piersmorgan @DailyMirror @guardian 4th now! David should have seen his interview with @realDonaldTrump truly amazing."
@TrainSpartanFit   Your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing!
@piersmorgan I urge every politician in Washington to tune into CNN and listen to @realDonaldTrump 's advice on how to do a deal."
@piersmorgan   Watch CNN tonight as Piers and I discuss Obama, SHUTDOWN, leadership and many other topics of interest - 9 PM - 10 minutes!
I’ll be doing @piersmorgan show tonight on CNN at 9 PM.  Will be very  interesting. (I hope!)
Obama has called @GOP terrorists during this showdown. It’s a shame he really doesn’t think it because then he would meet all @GOP demands.
Obama’s job approval is at 37%, a record low. @GOP &amp; @SpeakerBoehner have the leverage &amp; momentum. Delay ObamaCare for all Americans!
Obama can open the Mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade WWII memorial. That’s an absolute disgrace.
@AmberLay2013 Thank you.
@Shadowbat Thank you.
@Armani_G_ @theRealKiyosaki Great!
“My advice to you regarding momentum is definitive: Get yours going!” – Think Like a Champion
Re Florida Power &amp; Light—Most important is safety but they have to also cater to aesthetics &amp; not ruin the beauty of Florida.
I pay millions of $’s a year to Florida Power &amp; Light &amp; they can’t give us what we want. Maybe a major class action suit against them?
“You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.” - Wayne Gretzky
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.
“Don’t emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. It’s a mindset that works.” – Think Like a Champion
If the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel, I will.The U.S. under Obama's leadership!
It is outrageous and disgusting that families of U.S. MILITARY personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. SAD!
@GenallKasmikha  I notice, thanks Genall!
With President Obama it's all talk and no action. Our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!
I'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words, day after day, from our President. It's time to stop talking-WORK!
Florida Power &amp; Light has disgusting rotting utility poles outside Doral in Miami. They should put in new ones or will be sued.
In my opinion, one of the worst utility companies in the country is Florida Power and Light.
Did you ever think our country would  become an economic basket case? So much for Hope &amp; Change.
Had a great time on @gretawire’s inaugural 7PM show. Congrats to Greta  on the new spot!
.@GOP has leverage. Must stay united &amp; on message.
If you are steadfast in your efforts and self respect, critics will be harmless. Keep your focus!
Expect the best from people. They will rise to the challenge and  it's important to inspire confidence.
@kimfeather177  Thanks.
@Jon_dennis82 @Redskins  True.
@myangel82 @bobbymayojr Thanks.
@jeffanie Thank you.
President Obama wants to change the name of the "White House" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!
President should not be telling the Washington Redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! FOCUS on them,not nonsense
My sense is that people are far angrier at the President than they are at Congress re the shutdown—an interesting turn!
“Do not allow fear to settle into place in any part of your life. It is a defeating attitude &amp; a negative emotion" Think Like a Champion
With the debt limit approaching, @GOP has even more leverage. If they stay united and on message they can win.
“We build too many walls and not enough bridges.” - Isaac Newton
83% of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41% of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. Room for cuts.
Obama is tougher on WWII vets wanting to visit a DC memorial than Iran. He needs to show respect to our vets and not play games.
Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned @Redskins to change its name.He needs to focus on his job!
Standing strong for his people, @GovWalker is ignoring the Feds and keeping all Wisconsin parks open. Great!
The Obama Administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! OUR COUNTRY is a laughingstock!
@kdawnpatterson  While I never ran, I thank you. Let's see what happens in the future!
“Compete with yourself to be the best you can be.” – Think Like a Champion
“The minute that you’re not learning I believe you’re dead.” – Jack Nicholson
While the Pres. of Iran tweets sweet nothings to Obama he forbids the Iranians to use twitter. Very revealing.
Congrats to @nbc on the success of the new smash show @NBCBlacklist. Fantastic suspense. Great acting. Must see TV!
Total misnomer to call ObamaCare ‘The Affordable Care Act.’ Affordable for whom besides big businesses &amp; Congress w/their exemptions?
@JackMartin32  Thanks!
@PIERPAOLOMONNI So true!
Just read @marklevinshow’s bestseller book—really great!
Congrats to people of Scotland on the Judge’s ruling concerning bird killing, land destroying, environmentally disastrous windmills.
“Life is difficult no matter what, but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.” – Think Big
@TheMikeAwesome Thanks.
“Most entrepreneurs do not realize that wealth does not come from work, but from the assets they build.” –  Midas Touch
“Great effort springs naturally from great attitude.” - Pat Riley
Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.
Obama and the Democrats have no respect for WWII vets trying to get into the memorial.
Many Red-State Democrats sticking with Obama on deficit spending on the ObamaCare monstrosity will be defeated in 2014.
Oil has been over $33/gallon for 34 months. A new record. And now with Obama’s war on coal, American families will be hit even harder.
‘Moderate’ Repubs plotting against @GOP strategy have short term memories. Tea Party gave them majority in House &amp; primaries aren't fun.
Angela Merkel is doing a fantastic job as the Chancellor of Germany. Youth unemployment is at a record low &amp; she has a budget surplus.
My friend Larry King @kingsthings asked me to do an interview with him—he was always great to me—&amp; I agreed. Watch tonight 9 PM on RTV.
“Know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. That’s taking control.” – Think Like a Champion
@Greek_Boy_21 Thanks, what a mess.
@BillageT1 I agree.
@TimWristen They must go to a larger screen.
@seanparts Spring of '15.
@McLeanGolf Tell your son congrats--great round on really tough course.
@andypoo19   Thank you.
Stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. Markets like being left alone for a day.
A-Rod’s appeal will go nowhere. He will get a long suspension. Good for the @Yankees. And sends strong message to @MLB players.
Young entrepreneurs across the US are trying to make deals &amp; build businesses daily. Stay positive, think big &amp; big things will happen
Democrats refused to vote down their ObamaCare subsidy. While Americans will be hit w/ rising premiums, Washington won’t feel any pain
The ObamaCare disaster is in full swing. Websites are down, people can’t sign up and elderly can’t understand the lingo.
@IsraeliPM @netanyahu’s UN address was a strong statement to the world that @Israel will not allow Iran to get nuclear weapons.
Sorry banks, when we accused lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman of not going after banks, he started going after banks—but years too late!
#3. Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
#2. Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
#1. Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
New York State's lightweight A.G. is driving business &amp; jobs out of N.Y. Look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office!
Wow, three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing!
Can you imagine, with all of the talk about ObamaCare, technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. Our government is badly broken!
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch
“Your money should be at work at all times. Even in the worst economy, there is no excuse." - Think Like a Billionaire
It is crucial for Republicans to remain united during this shutdown
There have been 17 shutdowns since 1976, 14 under Reagan and Bush with Democrat Congresses who wanted more spending.
@TheeKentBailey  Thanks.
It was an honor to be @GretchenCarlson's inaugural guest on her new show ‘The Real Story.’ Gretchen will be a big success!
@jamesreid88  Thanks.
Obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. Democrats don’t even vote them in Congress. He has failed to lead!
Obama &amp; the Democrats want this shutdown. They think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014. Don’t believe!
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
The Republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are NOT sticking together. Sen. McCain just said "we can't win".Very bad!
Remember that in 2006 then Senator Obama voted NOT TO INCREASE THE DEBT CEILING. Now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same!
“Integrity is the essence of everything successful.” – Richard Buckminster Fuller
@deedeegop @GretchenCarlson @FoxNews Dee Dee-- Great seeing you @FoxNews. You are really having a positive impact--don't ever stop.
@kingsthings @TrumpNewYork Thanks Larry--and you, too, are truly one of a kind!
@growingupbryce Happy Birthday!
Business is an art in itself, and powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.
The commodity market is extremely fragile. Be wary of investing right now. The futures are way too dependent on the Fed.
No one wants the government to shut down, but if ObamaCare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway!
@BrennenChase   Thanks!
@mikemarchlik  Thank you!
@DanyellaAngel  Thank you Danyella-if you would like to work there call Jackie in my office (NY).
@Eamyoncanoe  Cute boy, nice.
@karliejanowski   Thanks Karlie!
With proper thinking and leadership, we can have a much better plan than Obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less
Obamacare is far toooo expensive, far toooo complicated (thousands of pages) and, most importantly, doesn't work. WE CAN DO MUCH BETTER!
Our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times, like no other. The world is a crazy place!
Iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. Syria, and now this! What's next?
Re negotiation: Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. Think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from.
“Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.” - Henry Ford
Don’t believe the manipulated job numbers. Walmart has just cut orders with suppliers because of rising inventory.
On Monday, ObamaCare kicks in with all goodies of 300% increased premiums, higher taxes and part-time replacement employees.
Our country needs leadership now. There is total dysfunction in Washington.
You have to believe in what you want. Keep your focus, keep your momentum--and remain patient and persistent.
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
@cripplecreek101  Thanks and true!
I am so happy that I was able to do something really good for the Bronx - and lots of jobs!
Yes, this is a large scale version of when I built and saved the ice skating rink in Central Park (which all should go to). Great course!
@stretch33701  Good point, yes!
Credit the Bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be BIG for NY.
To be called Trump Links at Ferry Point, course will be GREAT and, over the years, hold many tournaments and major championships-$'s to NYC.
Once the Bloomberg administration selected Trump to take over the very expensive and years late project, I kicked "ass" and got it done fast
The big golf course project on the water by the Whitestone Bridge in NYC that has been under construction for many years now complete-GREAT!
“A very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligent” – Think Like a Champion
7 million Americans are going to lose their jobs due to ObamaCare. 46 million face 300% premium increases. DEFUND! #MakeDCListen
Both Obama administration and House leadership staffs are exempt from ObamaCare. Why not the American people? #MakeDCListen
Happy belated birthday wishes to @BarbaraJWalters. Barbara is terrific!
“Partner with people who share your values, attitude and drive.” – Midas Touch with @theRealKiyosaki
“The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow.” - @rupertmurdoch
@ColetonEmr Happy Birthday!
“Build confidence starting with small successes that lead to greater and greater successes--there is nothing like winning." -Think Big
In real estate, all locations can be enhanced through good marketing. Be smart!
If ObamaCare is so amazing, then why is Obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? #MakeDCListen
Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president, yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope &amp; Change.
Remember what I previously said--Obama will someday attack Iran in order to show how tough he is.
Can you believe the head of Iran refused to meet with our great President?—Zero respect!
If Justice Roberts had made the correct decision on ObamaCare, our country would not be in turmoil right now!
@NeNeLeakes   NeNe asks me for advice and I am happy to oblige. Tonight at 9.00 on Bravo (and watch her ratings go through the roof!).
“If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?” - Vince Lombardi
“Take the time to move yourself forward. In other words, think, work and be lucky.” – Think Like a Champion
It’s a shame the ruling class of Republicans don’t attack Obama and the Democrats the way they hit Senators Cruz &amp; Lee.
Obama told the UN that “the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago.” Is he delusional?
Congrats to Team USA &amp; Capt. @AllenWronowski for retaining the PGA Cup! Well done and well deserved!
.@NeneLeakes seeks my advice on prenups, tonight at 9 PM on Bravo
@99or1youdecide Thank you.
@MileyCyrus is on a very triky and slippery path right now.The right moves will lead to greatness, the wrong moves to oblivion! GUIDANCE.
I am a defender of @MileyCyrus, who I think is a good person (and not because she stays at my hotels), but last night's outfit must go!
@Miranda_Diplo              
"I like Hilary Clinton. She is very admirable. But @realDonaldTrump is our nation's answer." Thanks.
Huma should dump the sicko Weiner.  He is a calamity that is bringing her down with him.
Obama’s coal regulations will destroy the coal industry, put Americans out of work, raise electricity prices &amp; lead to blackouts.
The Democrats in Congress don’t want ObamaCare for themselves or big businesses. So why are they forcing it on the American people?
Americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased. @GOP must do the right thing, stand strong &amp; defund!
Mariano Rivera is greatest closer of all time. A leader in the club house &amp; an exceptional man. One of the best @Yankees in history.
Congratulations to @IvankaTrump on being named @FoxNewsSunday Power Player of the Week. Ivanka is doing a great job w/ DC Post Office.
The Emmys are sooooo boring!  Terrible show. I'm going to watch football! I already know the winners. Good night.
Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards?How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY!
Referees are destroying the enjoyment of NFL games. Slowing down the fun. Big shots. Jets game is ridiculous!
Big things going on today at Trump National-Westchester!
@teamreiss8   Thanks.
@MelissaIl   Really good, thanks M.
@PatsIntensity  Happy birthday!
@OriginalArts1  Thank you, it is great. You have real talent!
Republicans must unite to defund Obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and, by the way, the healthcare is no good anyway!
An important part of my (or anybody's) success is the ability to judge people. I believe that @MileyCyrus is a really good person.
“Our Constitution was made only for a moral &amp; religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.”-- John Adams
“One man with courage is a majority.” - Thomas Jefferson
If you include people who have left the work force, unemployment rate is 15%. Labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs.
@CorsoC311 @SamShahrooz Thanks Cathy.
@LexiPerez96 Hi Lexxay.
Americans by &amp; large hate ObamaCare. They see Obama lied to get it passed. They see big business &amp; gov’t got waivers. Defund!
Congratulations to @SpeakerBoehner on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding ObamaCare.
@magmom13  Yes, she is FANTASTIC!
Move slowly, carefully --- and then strike like the fastest animal on the planet!
President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool, move slowly - and think! IRAN
President Obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with Iran that lots of bad results can occur. Be cool and be careful!
.@MileyCyrus – don’t worry about Liam. You can do much better and you have plenty of time—remain strong!
As a stockholder in Apple, they should get on with a larger screen iPhone as a supplement—immediately.
My comments on a larger screen iPhone were in addition to existing unit, not a replacement. Screen should be 10% larger than Samsung.
@geomac24   Amazing engineering accomplishment that does not make economic sense.
Lightweight Schneiderman's suit was filed on a Saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98% approval rating right after Obama meeting.
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman meets with President Obama (who he told me "sucks" as a president), and quickly files a suit against me!
@iPhoneTeam  Better get a large screen iPhone, and fast, or risk losing even more business. Samsung cannot believe you have not acted! DUMB!
I cannot believe that Apple didn't come out with a larger screen IPhone. Samsung is stealing their business. STEVE JOBS IS SPINNING IN GRAVE
@Phil_Grech Your not free, you'll never be free. You'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
@dalasner Yes.
@LeighAnnMac   Send his info to my office.
@10AJMcCarron   Great game last week, your team really needed you!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected A.G. in the U.S. He is a total joke!
Why is lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations?
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman sued school with a 98% approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished. A total crook?
@seanhannity  #Defund Obamacare!
Just returned from Trump Doral in Miami. Massive construction job. When completed will be the best resort in U.S. Blue Monster is amazing!
“Becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. If you grow personally, your business will grow.” – Midas Touch
Everyone should calm down. @BenAffleck is going to do a great job as Batman.
@akendall13 Too early!
.@RNC leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. They should be afraid of not defunding ObamaCare.
@seanhannity   Thanks Sean, keep up the good work!
“Keep focusing on doing what you love, even if times are tough.” – Think Big
“Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.” - Dale Carnegie
The Costa Concordia shipwreck is a MONUMENT TO STUPIDITY but the uprighting of the ship is a MONUMENT TO GENIUS!
American Exceptionalism and the Navy Yard shooting do not go hand in hand. Foreign countries, in particular Russia, are mocking the U.S.
The Navy Yard shooting is a horrible disaster. If we don't clean up OUR COUNTRY of the garbage soon, we are just going to do a death spiral!
@ArsenioHall has great ratings-I told you so. He should pay me at least 25% of his earnings because he would be nowhere without Donald Trump
Only 15 days until ObamaCare is implemented. Congress must waive the monstrosity for regular Americans. Why should they be punished?
Michigan has made great progress under Snyder-Calley. @MIGOP is out early energizing the grassroots. Keep it up! #JoinMITeam
Bashar Assad is stronger today than he was before Obama threatened military action. Obama really bungled this.
I predict that President Obama will at some point attack Iran in order to save face!
Congratulations to @ehasselbeck on her successful first day as co-host of @foxandfriends! Great to be in studio today for Elisabeth.
I can’t believe my friend Derek Jeter is out for whole season--injured day he left Trump World Tower. Lucky bldg.-- Move back fast!
@AnishaBhasin1   You wedding at Trump National was one of the most beautiful I have ever seen - more importantly, an amazing couple!
@FloydMayweather  The judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxing-it wasn't even close. She is incompetent (or worse)
When I say I would end Obamacare, I would also come up with a plan that would be far better, much easier to understand, and cost less!
@FloydMayweather  GREAT FIGHT FLOYD - YOU SHOWED THEM ALL ONCE AGAIN!
@FloydMayweather  My prediction of Floyd is looking good!
New York Fashion Week is really bad, and used to be so glamorous and exciting! No stars, no fun-just boring. They need serious help. #NYFW
@charliemurphy   Just remember, Arsenio wouldn't be back at all if it were not for Donald J. Trump - he admits that - he will do great!
I truly hope President Obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. He must sit back and chill
Prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in New Jersey. Stay strong and remember it will soon get better.
@MarkSimoneNY  Mark - thanks for remembering.
@umman91   Great going, congrats!
@JanMillerCoHost  Thanks Jan!
We should stop talking, stay out of Syria and other countries that hate us, rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-USA!
Most people do not know what Presient Obama is going to do to save his legacy. I do! He's got to get back to basics.Forget Syria-FIX THE USA
“Trust your instincts, especially if they are well honed.” – Midas Touch
.@Yankees manager Joe Girardi is a gritty leader who stands up for his players. Doing a great job!
NO GAMES! HOUSE @GOP MUST DEFUND OBAMACARE! IF THEY DON’T, THEN THEY OWN IT!
Now Assad is demanding that Obama stop supporting the rebels before he turns over his chemical weapons. What a mess!
China, Russia and Iran are laughing at us. We have weak leaders who are threatening our national security. Dangerous times.
At least @TheTinaBeast is consistent. She takes over a magazine and it ends up in the gutter.
@TheTinaBeast is claiming that she decided to leave the @thedailybeast. Sure, just like every other magazine that fired her.
Tina Brown could finally be over.  @thedailybeast is a total failure. She just got fired, great!
I will be doing #GDNY Good Day N.Y. with Rosanna &amp;Greg live at 8.30 A.M.  I will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the WTC.
Putin's letter is a masterpiece for Russia and a disaster for the U.S. He is lecturing to our President.Never has our Country looked to weak
“@realDonaldTrump: I would like to extend my best wishes to all, even the haters and losers, on this special date, September 11th.”
@BrentLudington  Never Give Up--How I turned my biggest challenges into success.
“Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.” - George S. Patton
Why is oil at a record high? OPEC &amp; the oil speculators continue to rip us off.
Many people have asked recently "when do you sleep?"  The answer is -- not much.
@Alan_Saranga Thanks.
A year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack.  Never forget!
God bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today.  You will never be forgotten!
@ewilli1204  Thanks!
@TammieHarrison  Great!
@joshskaggs                      
"@realDonaldTrump stayed in your Chicago hotel last night. Great staff and awesome room!" Thanks!
@AccountsRS                        
"@realDonaldTrump Thank you for saving new york from another Spitzer era."  We got lucky!
Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY, jobs, healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again!
Putin is having such a good time. Our President is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. Do not fear,we are a NATION OF POTENTIAL
I said that Eliot Spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. I fought him when others retreated out of fear. NEVER GIVE UP!
Spitzer and Weiner lost, lightweight Eric Schneiderman will be next - he will be challenged in the PRIMARY. He has done a really poor job!
Weiner is gone, Spitzer is gone - next will be lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? Wait and see, worse than Spitzer or Weiner
Assad hit the jackpot!
Back to work for the President to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. The so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused!
The only reason Obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-Putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad!
Lightweight Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will be next to lose. He goes after a school with a 98% approval rating,leaves biggies alone
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman asked us for political contributions DURING his investigation of us,then sued for $40 million.Dopey guy!
Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spitzer. Remember, in the beginning they said it couldn't be done!
I fought hard against Spitzer and Weiner, and both lost. For a while, when Spitzer was way up, it seemed that I was a lone voice! Good power
Wow, Eliot Spitzer has lost - great news for New York City!
Bottom line, I don't think President changed people's minds - must hope for a lifeline from Putin, a very dangerous lifeline at that!
We will have to see what Russia's next move will be. They may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess!
He is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
Doesn't want to remove Assad - worries what comes next.
Making his case in a nice and articulate manner.
Does he look sharp, smart and presidential-his hands keep hitting the podium, making a loud and distracting noise-microphone too sensitive.
Here we go!
Will be covering President Obama's speech at 9.00 on Twitter-you are all so lucky!
Red line statement was a disaster for President Obama.
This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble!
The Russians are playing a very smart game. In the meantime they are buying lots of time for Syria and making U.S. look foolish. Dangerous!
@AustinOdusanya1                  
"@realDonaldTrump you are a great mentor. I have all your books"  Great--good luck!
@Universifize @IvankaTrump @EricTrump It will be great &amp; produce many jobs.
Danger-Weiner is a free man at 12:01AM. He will be back sexting with a vengeance. All women remain on alert.
In order to stay competitive in your industry, it is imperative to keep up to date on all news. A great commodity is information.
@CARepublican12 @Toure So true!
@HouseDealsNow @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  Thank you.
@Frankie_Rap               
"Cant wait to hear what @realDonaldTrump has to say about Obama's speech tonight!"I'll be tweeting during speech
@1996Goldberg Happy Birthday!
@Wasimperviz                     
"@realDonaldTrump when will u return to @wwe? @VinceMcMahon"  Soon!
@MissUniverse @MissUSA @MissTeenUSA @SherriHill Olivia=a total winner!
@bahia6085                
"@realDonaldTrump Can you imagine Obama running his own business? How sad would that be?" You never know!
@ellevarner           
"F.O.C.U.S. - Follow One Course Until Successful @realDonaldTrump -Midas Touch (this is a great read)" Thanks.
Assad will never give up his chemical weapons. He has spent years and billions accumulating them. This is all a ruse.
Want to take a quiz with me? Download the @millonseconds app and watch @RyanSeacrest on Monday at 8/7c on @NBC
Obama and Kerry are bungling Syria by the hour. They have set America’s deterrence &amp; stature back by years. Amateurs!
For all of my millions of followers, and at your request, I will be tweeting tonight during President Obama’s speech!  9pm ET
This George Zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (He attacked his wife last night).
@ArsenioHall   Arsenio, may your run be long, successful and important-just be yourself and you will be a smash! Good luck.
I'll be going to the Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. today. Will create one of world's great hotels. Lots of jobs!
Do you believe what is going on in Washington with respect to Syria - these people don't have a clue!
@LonghornHomer  He is not smart enough to understand!
@Toure  Why does a network allow a stupid racist like Toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal! Can there be only one reason
Icahn, Kravis, Zell, Buffett have all used the bankrutcy law to their benefit. Many of the top business people do.
@Toure  Dumb as a rock Toure doesn't have a clue about money or anything else-merely a simpleton racist.Really bad ratings,really stupid guy
@Toure If you weren't such a dumb racist moron with bad ratings you would know I never filed for bankruptcy,now worth over $10 billion dummy
“It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.” -Theodore Roosevelt
Our economy is in trouble. The unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. We need growth-- and now!
Iraq has granted Iran full air rights to fly over and arm Syria. What did America accomplish with the Iraq war? And now Syria?!
This week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in Benghazi that left 4 Americans dead.  No answers!
Now Obama has set red line 2 with demand that Assad hands over Syria’s chemical weapons or it will face an attack.
Congratulations to @serenawilliams on her superb @usopen win.  She is terrific!
@TheBig_Easy Ernie--You are doing a great job with #autismsupport--glad to help. See you at Trump National, Jupiter.
Don't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!
Why are we fighting for the "rebels" that hate us-only to save face for Obama!
Doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M.
Also, great comeback by the New York Jets. That game was over until a really dumb defensive play by Tampa. Amazing.
Tony Romo just made a great play-Giants are getting killed!
Great comeback by Tom Brady-New England!
The New York Giants are looking really bad so far tonight. Does not get much worse than this!
@FidanizzBig   You need both, thanks.
Do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the Obama administration anymore - The Teflon President!
@mathewaiken Great!
@dexterpugh   Great looking couple-good to have him back!
My shirts, ties and suits are selling great @Macy's because they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price - thanks!
@Midgespeaks  I want him to do a great job but he can't.
President Obama, do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your "powder" for another (and more important) day!
Isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!
Speaking of our very stupid war with Iraq, it is totally disintegrating and Iran (with Russia) will walk in and take it over (lots of oil)!
@lucindamac  Thank you, but we are dealing with many very stupid people!
I'm a Republican but not a fan of the last George Bush-he also was a lousy President (Iraq etc.). In fact, he was so bad he gave us Obama!
Former President Jimmy Carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst President in the history of the United States!
Syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! A polititian's war.
Just watching NBC News where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships, the stealth bombers, the destinations-so ridiculous!
If Syria was forced to use Obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. Obama should sell them that idea!
When we have big disasters, no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others!
“Any political leader who won’t face the future head on is putting the American Dream at risk.” – The America We Deserve
“Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.” -  Thomas Jefferson
Obama is not a leader, he's just a campaigner!
Many of the Syrian rebels are radical jihadi Islamists who are murdering Christians. Why would we ever fight with them?
The historic $250M renovations at @TrumpDoral are moving on pace. Once complete, @TrumpDoral will be South Florida’s premiere resort.
“Remember the golden rule of negotiating: ‘He who has the gold makes the rules.’” – Midas Touch
I am not angry at Russia (or China) because their leaders are far smarter than ours. We need real leadership, and fast,before it is too late
I wonder how much our "leaders" have promised, or given, Russia in order for them to behave and not make the U.S. look even worse?
Really bad news just announced concerning jobs. Far fewer jobs created in August than anticipated. Interest rates, therefore, to remain low.
We don't have the leadership, including the Generals (who just said the element of surprise does not matter) to attack anyone! Cool it.
Did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our President explaining what, when and where to Congress about a Syrian attack. Far too late!
The terrorists in Syria are calling themselves REBELS and getting away with it because our leaders are so         completely stupid!
We should not attack Syria but if they make the stupid move to do so, the Arab League,whose members are laughing at us, should pay!
“If you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself.” – The Art of the Deal
Russia is sending a fleet of ships to the Mediterranean. Obama’s war in Syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict.
All former Bush administration officials should have zero standing on Syria. Iraq was a waste of blood &amp; treasure.
It will be interesting to see what happens to Eliot Spitzer if he loses the election for Comptroller to very capable @scottmstringer.
I have just lost my beautiful &amp; elegant long time exec. assistant  Norma Foerderer. She passed away yesterday – a truly magnificent woman.
AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN &amp; FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!
While everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack Syria, maybe we should knock the hell out of Iran and their nuclear capabilities?
If you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the NY Times of the "rebels" executing prisoners, you would say forget the rebels!
Tell Congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. Make America great again!
The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement. Do NOT attack Syria,fix U.S.A.
President Obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about Syria crossing the RED LINE. Amazingly, now he denies he said that!
@Gene_Valin   Thank you.
@dongibson12 Very true!
Is Anthony Weiner a jerk or what!
Jay Leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. My answer is always no because his show sucks. They love my ratings!
@twojacksdetail  Send it to me in New York, Doug!  Thanks.
“Appreciate your property, and your property will appreciate for you.” – Think Like a Billionaire
I hear this moron @billmaher said nasty things about me (hair etc—boring) on the terminated @jayleno show. Stupid guy/bad ratings!
I’ve always defended @jayleno but he never defends me. He's not a loyal person &amp; I now understand why everybody dumped him. Jay sucks!
“To keep momentum, keep challenging yourself.” – Think Big
@TylerKrist734  Thanks.
@dhtherex Thanks.
Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends and supporters. Shana Tova. Hopefully it will be a great year!
.@GOP must stay focused on defunding ObamaCare and the impending budget battle. Don’t let Syria rule the agenda.
.@serenawilliams had a flawless @usopen quarterfinal win last night. She’s a great player and a wonderful person.
Many Syrian ‘rebels’ are radical Jihadis. Not our friends &amp; supporting them doesn't serve our national interest. Stay out of Syria!
Congratulations to @PiersMorgan on winning @BritishGQ TV Personality Of The Year. Piers deserves his success!
@LadyJelenaxoxo  Thanks.
@golflessondubai Soon.
@SHAWSHANK5                  
"@realDonaldTrump To be a champ. you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will"  True!
For all of those fools that want to attack Syria, the U.S.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster!
What I am saying is stay out of Syria.
The great GENERALS MacArthur and Patton, real leaders and fighters, are spinning in their graves as we give Syria info &amp; time to prepare.
“Representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go. If you can’t sell it, who will?” – Midas Touch
@perkins_holly  Great!
@BigPoppa181  Thanks.
How can General Martin Dempsey tell Obama that delaying the Syria bombardment will have no consequences? He is no Patton or MacArthur.
“A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.” – Think Like a Champion
China, OPEC and Russia laugh at us. But now thanks to Obama so does Syria. Very sad!
President Obama's "Arab Spring" is not looking so good right now!
Think of it, the Arab League doesn't want to get involved with Syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. How stupid!
If the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets, killing civilians, there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U.S.
Our country is looking very bad right now!
@ArsenioHall   After Arsenio won Celebrity Apprentice he told me, in tears, that I would be his first guest if he got a show. No interest!
Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done, and now he wants to be comptroller. Thrown out of politics and off of TV, CRAZY!
Each time I see one of Anthony Weiner's television ads for mayor I ask, what the hell is he doing just wasting money &amp; time-go get a job!
@tkeller316  Thanks!
In war, the elememt of surprise is sooooo important.What the hell is Obama doing.
We have given Syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared!
Why isn't the Arab League paying for everything and sending troops? They want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves!
The Arab League stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on Syria, but they want us to attack.Are our leaders insane or just stupid
It is truly amateur hour at the White House - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now!
@akmackey   So true!
President Obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on Syria!
@BrandiHarmon   Good luck.
@BBPACK  You have real talent!
@TheGrumpyHusky  Happy birthday.
@DanShrigley Thank you.
Did anyone notice that Obama failed to get a coalition of other countries to go along with us. He couldn't even get Britain! NO LEADERSHIP.
@AveyahDoesWatch   Thank you.
Be prepared, there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III.
China is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. They will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortune-&amp; laugh at us!
Obama now just wants to save face, Russia is now telling him "don't do it". He waited too long and the other side is much better prepared.
Who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. Call it the "PLENTY OF NOTICE WAR"
Syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our "talk" - they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new locations.Amazing!
For the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what, when and where they will be doing in a future attack!
The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!
How bad has our "leader" made us look on Syria. Stay out of Syria, we don't have the leadership to win wars or even strategize.
If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed, he and the U.S. will look very bad!
Is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with Syria? Our leaders don't know what they are doing!
The ratings of The Cycle on MSNBC, a sad and pathetic show, are way down. If they fired racist moron @Toure, a truly stupid guy, they live!
@dhfr64 Happy Birthday Deborah.
Pervert Weiner is dead in his race for mayor of NYC but WOW, Eliot Spitzer has dropped way down in recent poll for comptroller. SLEAZE!
So, a woman in Chicago, who never had a job, has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). These kids will never work. Trouble!
@WCMartzOfficial  So true!
@Beliefheals  Interesting and thanks!
@benfromdallas  Thanks Ben.
@AgnesphAgnes  I agree, thanks.
I hope everyone read the brilliant article in American Spectator about leightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. He should be run out of office!
In that @TimeWarner has @HBO with really dumb racist  Bryant Gumbel(and I mean dumb), and no CBS (which fired Bryant), I am switching bldgs.
People are really liking the new ties and shirts @Macy's-they are amazing and selling great!
“Sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward.” - @VinceMcMahon
@DanScavino @EricTrump @EricTrumpFdn @StJude  Thanks Dan.
@MarlenaWells True.
@jonareeves6127 Thanks.
What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.
Congress must protect our borders first. Amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped.
@icer100                     
"@realDonaldTrump @icer100 Remember Obama so loved the poor he created millions more!" Interesting!
@Jungledad  Thanks!
@MarlenaWells                   
"@realDonaldTrump remembering your generosity to so many after #SuperstormSandy." Thank you Marlena.
If Christian Bale turned down $50M to return as Batman he should have his head examined. What was he thinking?!
The Yankees are sure lucky George Steinbrenner is not around. A lot of people would be losing their jobs.
Wow, @CNBC ratings are really low, worst in many years. I guess I'll have to start doing my Tuesday morning interviews with them again!
@tanjas_world  Tanja--never give up!
The United States needs to fix its own problems, of which there are many, first!
Let the Arab League take care of Syria. Why are these rich Arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack?
If we are going to continue to be stupid and go into Syria (watch Russia), as they say in the movies, SHOOT FIRST AND TALK LATER!
I wonder what the great generals like Patton, the big M, or Robert E. LEE would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack?
@walaa_3ssaf   No, dopey, I would not go into Syria, but if I did it would be by surprise and not blurted all over the media like fools.
That said, the rich Arab countries should get involved with the Syrian mess, not us.We should start rebuilding our own country &amp; military.
Why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack Syria. Why can't we just be quiet and, if we attack at all, catch them by surprise?
I give the President's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! Not bad but room for improvement!
Why would anyone think Obama would attack Syria the day of his speech in Washington. He doesn't want to detract from his press &amp; glory.
@sonnset2  So true, not even close.
@ThulisaKanzi Have the Arab League do it and pay for it.
@TheLanes08 Thanks.
@grindingdude @monkeydogman I will!
@tjstoudt                     
"I really want @realDonaldTrump to speak at Liberty University convocation again." Great school.
@latoyajackson  Thanks La Toya!
@ritter1025 Happy Birthday Bernice.
@alphakonstant @RICHNYJETS True.
@kyleraccio            
"@realDonaldTrump Trump will win this - as he wins everything else! Awesome"  Thanks.
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Take control and move forward every day.
“You owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Remember, all these ‘freedom fighters’ in Syria want to fly planes into our buildings.
Congratulations to @marklevinshow on ‘The Liberty Amendments’ debuting at #1 on the NY Times’ bestseller list. Must read!
Congrats to @TimTebow on making @Patriots’ first cut. Stay strong and positive! We are all rooting for you.
Josh8J4                   
"@realDonaldTrump I have a dream that you will be president to make this country great again. #USA" Thank you.
Young entrepreneurs – in an economic climate like this only the strong survive. You can do it. Think Big!
@kingmortimer Interesting.
@Ginny14974                 
"@realDonaldTrump  the Arab league should be taking care of this, not us."  100% correct
@bingato                     
"@realDonaldTrump At least Doral will be great again!!!"  That's true!
@SteveRickettsSP  Great!
@TerryTm112444 Thanks Terry.
@PeterThiele  Thanks Peter.
I have a dream that our country will be great again! #DreamDay
@kimguilfoyle   Thanks for your support - I greatly enjoyed your comments on The Five the other day. Best wishes!
As I predicted long ago, the war in Iraq was a disaster for the U.S. Heading for civil war, there are bombings all over the place.Iran happy
.@FoxNews legal analyst &amp; former prosecutor @kimguilfoyle destroyed hack Schneiderman’s suit on @FNTheFive yesterday.She’s very sharp!
There has been a systematic targeting of the Tea Party by the Obama administration. Now Schneiderman goes after me. No coincidence.
The lightweight hack Schneiderman told Ivanka that the “case is weak" and more.  Meets with Obama &amp; then files one day later.
Has AG Schneiderman been extorting his targets and their lawyers for contributions? We will find out.
@Givens1964  Very cool, thanks.
@AaronPha_q  Thanks.
@d_murphy13                   
"@realDonaldTrump purely a political move if he met w/Obama,Mr.Trump please put the heat on this clown show!"
I hope the NY tax payer appreciates the millions Schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. I will litigate to victory.
Thug Politics. Lightweight hack Schneiderman meets with Obama on Thursday, then brings frivolous suit on Saturday.
@ElmarosuElvin  Thank you.
@TuleTwilight  Interesting!
@MichaelPMulhall @CNBC I don't think he can!
Why isn’t AG Schneiderman going after Democrat Jon Corzine and the $1.4 billion that is “missing?”
Amazing! AG Schneiderman sues a school w/ a 98% approval rating but doesn’t go after billion $ fraudsters all over Wall St.
I really enjoyed doing the show circuit this AM discussing lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman &amp; the terrible job he has done for NY.
Gov. Cuomo's Moreland Comm should be looking at AG Schneiderman shaking down those under investigation/ in litigation for campaign $$$
Fox and Friends
Wow, l just found out that A.G. Schneiderman met with President Obama in Syracuse on Thursday --- and sued me on Saturday! Same as IRS etc.
What did our very stupid &amp; ineffective A.G. Eric Schneidean, during his trips to MY office, tell me about President Obama &amp; Governor Cuomo?
After years of long stops then starts, why did dopey Eric Scheiderman tell people in The Trump Org. "this case is going away,we have no case
How can an Attorney General ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag!
Why did lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? Also, recent asks?
Why is it that Eric Schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after Jon Corzine and big abusers for billions?
Why did failing A.G. Eric Schneiderman, after years of looking, file his pathetic lawsuit on a SATURDAY afternoon (unheard of)? No case!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman, who has been a total failure in office, failed to report the 98% approval rating of students for courses
@nikkio   Thank you.
@Obs3shyn  Thanks, it was fun and amazing!
@NickFaldo006   Sir Nick is not only a great player, he is a great guy -and, by the way, doing a fantastic job for CBS!
@BBPACK  Happy birthday!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
@jmull71   Great Jason!
@Marilynn555 Thanks!
@RobertBurnand         
"@realDonaldTrump @TrumpTowerNY 
What a great building Mr T!"  Thanks!
Anyway, I’m all about jobs &amp; the economy &amp; making America great again. We’re falling fast!
John McCain couldn’t get him to release “it” and neither could Hillary Clinton—but Donald did!
People should be proud of the fact that I got Obama to release his birth certificate, which in a recent book he “miraculously” found.
Why are people upset w/ me over Pres Obama’s birth certificate?I got him to release it, or whatever it was, when nobody else could!
“To keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. Know when to give back.” – Think Big
With the whacko pervert Weiner about to be embarrassed, all women need to be on the lookout. Sexting begins 9.11 @ 12:01 AM
@TonyCatering @TrumpTowerNY  Thanks!
If Stop &amp; Frisk is struck down by the pandering NYC politicians, increases in crime &amp; eventual terrorist attacks will be on them.
@WalterOzaraga @TrumpTowerNY Thanks.
@korydc @TrumpTowerNY Thanks, great that you remember, really nice.
@HarryCraig96 @TrumpTowerNY  Thanks!
@tanwexy I like you too.
@BrentLudington Thanks!
One of Obama’s greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts, not work.
Re Miss Universe Pageant, we’ve spoken w/the LGBT community in Russia who asked “please don’t leave, it would send the wrong signal.”
@Greek1958 Thank you John.
@gabrielsherman Roger Ailes never called me about your piece on him Gabriel. He is a very smart and secure guy who doesn't need help from me
“Leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done.” – The Art of The Deal
With Democrats Spitzer, Danger-Weiner &amp; Filner, which party really has the war on women?
@TxSi  Happy Birthday!
It’s Wednesday.  How many times will A-Rod sue the @Yankees today?  A-Rod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament.
Congress must defund ObamaCare.  It is destroying Medicare and breaking promises to our Seniors, including veterans.
.@AlexSalmond  Heatwave in Scotland makes wind turbines useless. Big problem, expensive mess.
@jwhitlinger_GMP             
"@realDonaldTrump @reklaw78 ..why the animosity towards Bryant Gumbel?" He is a very stupid &amp; arrogant dope!
@TheTeflonDante         
"@realDonaldTrump @gretawire I bet her ratings were great! Good work Mr. Trump" They were great--thanks!
@anniehic @NYMag And so have many others.
Glad to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see, Obama never should have abandoned him. He was an ally.
Had a great time on @gretawire last night.  Greta always does great interviews.
The hatchet job in @NYMag about Roger Ailes is total bullshit. He is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team. @FoxNews
You must admit that Bryant Gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. Failed at CBS etc-why still on TV?
GRETA IN A FEW MINUTES-on Fox.
@gretawire .Doing Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-enjoy!
@realLucasDuffy True--thanks!
@DWatts3  Mitt, but Stuart Stevens was terrible.
“I have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around, I want to be in control of it.” -  Clint Eastwood
I will be doing Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News, talking about China &amp; Mitt's failed campaign team.
ObamaCare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16% of the economy and ultimately more!
It’s Tuesday.  How many terrible predictions and advice will Karl 1.6% Rove make today?
NYC is under constant threat from Jihadists &amp; violent criminals. Stop &amp; Frisk keeps streets &amp; subways safe.Stand strong Ray Kelly
.@stuartpstevens did a horrible job for Mitt—is a refund in order? Sadly, Stuart is a disaster!
With @stuartpstevens expected to represent @GovChristie in the Presidential race, Chris will have a very hard time winning.
.@MattBevin: As someone well versed in job creation and the Private Sector, if you lie on your resume, You’re Fired!
Chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to STOP AND FRISK. They have no choice, hundreds of lives would be saved!
@ukcarioca   Thank you.
@J_TJOHNSON   Thanks
@MaestroBeadles   Interesting!
@cloverc8 Thanks!
@Chuckdhere So true!
@Mr_Smoooth Great place- thanks!
@merryman34 Thanks!
@samtrisi Thanks!
“Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday.” - John Wayne
.@NY_POLICE Commissioner Ray Kelly has done a top job keeping NYC safe. Stop &amp; Frisk has been a critical tool for the NYPD.
@Pollysdaughter   Very cute!
So, lets get this right. Steve Jobs dies and leaves his wife everything-billions of dollars. Now his wife has a boyfriend (lover). Oh Steve!
Re-build the United.States not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
Let the Arab countries take care of Egypt-they have more to gain and plenty of money..It's time for the U.S. to stop being stupid.NO DOLLARS
@Howard2Lloyd Yes, at Macy's.
We must leave "stop and frisk" for A-Rod and Anthony Weiner!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” – Dale Carnegie
Keep an open mind--business is a creative endeavor. Strive for innovative ideas.
See problems as a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals.
@RobertUndefined  Work hard, study, read 'The Art of the Deal' and  "Midas Touch"
My motto is: ‘Never give up.’ I follow this very strictly. I do not let problems and challenges stop me; they are normal.
Obama' ststement on Egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in U.S. history.
Can’t wait for @DylanByers’ follow up @politico piece discussing my large Sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview!
NIELSEN RATINGS: 1.@ThisWeekABC, 2.52 viewers, 6 SHR,1.91RTG, .55 25-54  2.@meetthepress 2.24 total viewers, 5 SHR,1.61RTG, .47 25-54
My interview with @ThisWeekABC w/@GStephanopoulos destroyed all Sunday competition w/ 2.52M total viewers…that’s why they want me on!
“Good communicators control space.” – Roger Ailes, ‘You Are The Message,’@FoxNews
@carlotalorenabr Thanks.
.@GOP HOUSE LEADERSHIP – ESTABLISH SELECT COMMITTEE ON BENGHAZI. THERE IS A MASSIVE COVERUP.
@KeithJMcConnell @MacMiller  Thanks.
@dannydamico67                
"@realDonaldTrump may not agree with your political stance, but your golf courses are unreal"  Thx (I think)
@WeekendInParis @TrumpNewYork  Great!
@ShawnaTova @lovemyklr So nice, thanks!
@amieburton2010 @Tommyguns11 Thanks Amie.
Fact: without Texas and states reaping the fracking boom, Obama’s job record would go from bad to worse!
Mark Levin's @marklevinshow 'The Liberty Amendments: Restoring the American Republic" is a truly great &amp; important book.
@Show5783  Who knows?
@kelseyalxandraa  Thanks Kelsey.
@Drew4Diamond  Thanks.
@DanScavino @MacMiller  Thanks Dan.
740 Park Avenue is being robbed all over the place--we come down hard on thieves at Trump buildings.
@RyneCPL              
"@realDonaldTrump Just finished #TheArtOfTheDeal.  Awesome book w/ great insight!" Thanks, good luck.
@amp_abirpatel  Midas Touch, by Donald J. Trump &amp; @theRealKiyosaki
@ShawnaTova  Very nice, thanks.
@CarlCICahn   Carl, keep lt going, I have a lot of Apple stock. Push them to QUICKLY come out with a larger screen for the I-PHone (Samsung)
@GregMazares  My honor, thanks!
@realDonaldTrump  Thanks!
@Timc1021 Thanks!
@garrendj   Thanks!
@justingodfrey   Great!
@PeteRose_14   Once again, it is time to let all time hits leader Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. He has paid a big price!
@AlfiraAzzahra   Great picture, say hello!
Things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. As long as you are enjoying what you are doing, keep going.
Congrats @adamcarolla on #RoadHard raising $1M on @fundanything, a record.
Don’t be easily pleased with yourself or with anything else. Be tough &amp; fight to keep your standards high. -Think Like a Champion
@Randirobics Great, good luck!
“When your brand begins to build, you too will be faced with opportunities for greater recognition.” – Midas Touch
Republicans have very strong hand in their fight against Obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it "tuff"!
Looks like Anthony Weiner Is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. GOOD NEWS
“If it doesn't sell, it isn't creative.” - David Ogilvy
Obama has exempted businesses, his staff and all of Congress from ObamaCare.  Why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the U.S.?
I will be on Greta @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
Re @TWC TimeWarner, I am going to be switching many of my buildings to another service—this is ridiculous!
I missed the PGA Championship because it was not broadcast by TimeWarner @TWC. Why aren’t they giving subscribers major discounts?
The Patch, a total loser for @AOL, will be a good deal compared to @HuffingtonPost. @ariannahuff laughs at “stupid” Armstrong!
Congrats to @mboyle1 of @BreitbartNews  for exposing Jason Linkins of @HuffingtonPost as a lightweight dope who gives false information.
@RoyalStr8tFlush  Wow, good competition!
Still a buyer’s market but somewhat fragile.  Be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think!
@JTFoxx @HuffingtonPost  I agree--@HuffingtonPost is going down with @AOL and Patch &amp; @ariannahuff hates Tim Armstrong.
@jwhurter                
"@realDonaldTrump Are your ties available in South Africa?"  You can order them online @Macys.com
@BlazeBluntsky Thanks.
@FlyinOSUBuckeye @comfynumb2012 @ForQ2 So true! Just a business tool used by the best! Ask Carl, Warren, etc.
@Andrew_Patrick @DCGovWeb @DCGovTwit  Deal done--too late dopey!
@coffeepleaseAM         
"@realDonaldTrump I'm so happy that you find time to tweet. I really enjoy following you."  Thanks Amy.
@AKA_Wilhelm                 
"@realDonaldTrump hay Mr. Trump! You're my rolemodel,and I love your show(Celebrity Apprentice)"  Thanks!
@rogergreig  Thanks.
Good.morning, I'm going to work!
Not only is @Toure a racist (and boring), he's a really dumb guy!
@ariannahuff, I would love to represent your husband-you would end up with nothing! And please don't call Tim Armstrong stupid and weak?
Did the poor but smart to leave ex-husband of @ariannahuff get any of the dollars she got for the use of his name in really stupid AOL deal?
The failing @HuffingtonPost and dopey @ariannahuff are writing so much false junk about me-they just can't get enough!  BE CAREFUL.
@MoFarber          
"@realDonaldTrump I love all your inspirational quotes! It keeps us going... thanks Donald!" Great!
@sonnset2  He knows the best place!
@PartylikeRlove1 A long time ago, thanks.
@Timm_Martin I understand, thanks.
@stingluver                    
"@realDonaldTrump my 19 year old son, Logan, is hoping you run in 2016. Me too!" Thank you Logan and Erin.
@jodiyilek             
"@realDonaldTrump you have my vote! ★★★★★"  Thanks.
@mjayshilling  Thanks.
@Sam_Rellim So true--thanks.
Congratulations to @JasonDufner on winning the PGA championship. Great job!
“Money may not grow on trees, but it does grow from talent, hard work, and brains.” – Think Like a Billionaire
@MatthewSmales1   Thank you!
I can't believe that in New York we can't watch the PGA Championsip on CBS. How    .much discount is Time Warner giving its customers?
@jonkarl - very fair interview!
@tayloroftexas   So nice, good morning!
@theFAMiLYLEADER  Thank you, I had an amazing time!
@michaelfrench52  Don't lie, you will watch with great gusto!
@charleslfreemn  My finances have been totally filed dummy!
@theFAMiLYLEADER   It was great being with you last night - fantastic people, and Bob V is special!!!
@ThisWeekABC  Should be interesting - lets see how fair and honest they will be! Enjoy
@ThisWeekABC   I enjoyed my intetview with @jonkarl-I only hope it is fairly edited!
@not_that_actor   Very interesting!!!
@TPLRRT1   Thanks Thomas!
@alikilmartin. Stay tuned!
Big crowd expected tomorrow night in Iowa. It will be interesting and fun - great people!
“Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.” -     
General George S. Patton
Eliot had a terrible debate performance this morning against Scott Stringer. He can’t spin his failing and contemptible public record.
Colin Montgomerie @montgomeriefdn You are not only a great golfer, you are doing a great job of commentary @GolfChannel
First Minister @AlexSalmond will be destroying the beauty of Scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines.
.@AlexSalmond is making a truly stupid mistake by forcing ugly industrial wind turbines down Scotland’s throat –he's hated for it.
If the gov't shuts down, it is because Obama wants to make working Americans buy ObamaCare while businesses and gov't are exempt.
FACT – the reason why Americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because Obama refuses to pass a budget.
Re: hiring contractors, remember the cheapest isn't always the best. Their work may have to be redone &amp; they may not be reliable.
In the latest poll, Danger-Weiner’s numbers have sunk. I wonder how Carlos handled the stress? He is one whacko sicko sexter.
.@AScottPGA  Really solid playing--keep going!
.@JustinRose99 Great playing--we are proud of you!
@aa_newey  Thanks.
@Austin_Bighurt @IvankaTrump  When we finish, it will be one of world's great hotels.
@BillKicklighter              
"Made sure to visit @TrumpTowerNY during our 1st vacation to NYC. Well done @realDonaldTrump!"  Thanks.
@augustskaro @MONIKAKOVACS @JasonDolan Only some!
@masov40                   
"@ryanjorde @realDonaldTrump money solves all problems #momoneymoproblems" Wrong!
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd, when looking at my financial filings, should’ve said “Great job Mr. Trump, Sir.”
Doesn’t dummy @chucktodd realize that when I considered running for president, I filed financial papers showing unbelievable numbers.
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd—one of the dumbest voices in politics-- is angry that I’m doing @ThisWeekABC.
@MattyD859                
"@realDonaldTrump. @BillRancic Biggest motivation and THEE best role models ever!"  Bill is a terrific guy!
@SmuMom54 He should meet him &amp; beat him--but that doesn't look like it's going to happen.
@NY2DC_N_BACK @blackpoolsinger @piersmorgan Wrong, Piers is smart &amp; tough and, when you get to know him, a really good guy--and loyal!
Obama should meet with Putin snd convince him to do what is good for the U.S.  It's called good dealmaking or, simply, leadership! Cajole.
@showtimeshelby   Thanks
@mjobrey27   66
@TLoUTEngineer  Thanks.
@jake_grimes   Thanks.
@ClemensIsland13   Have a great time-happy birthday!
@ChrisStackStacy   Thanks.
@scottlara1961 Have a Happy Birthday.
@KyleMcCall4   So true-Alex Salmond is absolutely killing these great and brave people!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand.That’s the solid foundation that will keep your brand flourishing. -Midas Touch
“It’s a good idea to take your own pulse once in a while instead of focusing on what the masses are doing.” – Think Like a Champion
@MaxKnowsAll         
"@realDonaldTrump England Loves Donald Trump. Where can we buy your ties from over here please?" Check out @Macys.com
@TheBarkerBaker Great, go get 'em!
@blackpoolsinger @piersmorgan Because Piers won Celebrity Apprentice &amp; is wonderful--and I just started with Twitter.
@LKR_Fan24               
"Hey @realDonaldTrump visited Trump International Hotel in #Vegas yesterday. What a fantastic hotel." Thanks!
@DavidPerez728 @TrumpLasVegas  Great!
@sjohnstonefilm   Thank you!
“Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.” - W. Clement Stone
@flowergirl56 Thanks.
@pikedagger1868 Keep your chin up, keep going.
@GeorgePTransue @BW @trumpwinery @EricTrump  Thank you.
@bradleymenglin Good luck!
@marc_soler1  My honor!
Do not underestimate yourself, and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage.
Ft. Hood Jihadi Nidal Hassan has been paid over $300g in Army salary while on trial. His victims are deprived of any benefits...
@GodfreyGR  Thanks Ian.
@GovMikeHuckabee Great being on your show--see you soon!
@tvmario  Thanks!
@DJKelly78  Thank you.
The Trump Organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelopment of The Old Post Office. Will be DC's finest hotel.
@Rudmania20  Happy Birthday Shane.
@RachelYohee HI!
@KelBug99   HI!
Let @PeteRose in the HOF - it's time!
@Mikeveltman Good luck again!
@Deneetro  Happy birthday!
@DianeJackson9 If you love what you're doing, the energy and passion will be there. It's the best way to succeed.
@Randirobics  Yes, it will be amazing.
@BrianRyback Thank you Brian and good luck.
“Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don’t take things personally. That’s good business.” – Think Like a Champion
“I’ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable, and their confidence rises along with that.” – Midas Touch
@DanielHR27 Thanks!
@cloverc8 Great!
@J4K9FLATLEY Thanks Jake.
Why has all time hits leader Pete Rose paid a 20 year price whrn A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete into The Hall of Fame!
@__Bolt   That could happen, he is terrific!
@green_i4u  Thank you!
@RobRosales1   Thank you Rob!
@MdsdadDotson Thanks Michelle!
@gretawire Will be on with Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-always a great show with Greta!
The Old Post Office building in Washington (D.C.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs!
We.signed our deal to take over the historic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Ave. from the U.S. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs!
@DavyMac_1972  Thanks!
Take your work seriously, take yourself less seriously. It’s a great recipe for some good times &amp; great memories.
@DianeJackson9 Look at the solution, not the problem--and never give up.
@DianeJackson9 @anniehepburn Thanks.
OmikronDreamer           
"@realDonaldTrump do you wear your own ties?"  Yes.
@AustinSaysThat  Great!
@FredrikEklundNY               
"Thank you @realDonaldTrump for the assignment!!!!! ❤"  Great job, Fredrik!
@tamilasami  The key word is "yet." Keep at it, never give up.
@Ronturner10 Pursue it starting today. "Action  is the foundational key to all success."
Pablo  Picasso
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Get your momentum going and keep it going.
A good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves:  What am I pretending not to see? There are a lot of opportunities out there.
@jeffgonyea The Art of the Deal.
@Icallbullsh_t   Please send info to 725  Fifth Ave, N.Y. 10022.  Thanks.
@GallenofMilk13 Great going.
@noall   Thank you!
“History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
@amyg2200 Happy Birthday!
@MikeLoyaCenter  That's great!
Keystone XL should be approved but more importantly we should be drilling &amp; fracking our own resources. Would be an economic windfall.
For all of those who have been asking about online sales, the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties &amp; shirts are sold @Macys.com
@Nautilus916 @1986Fed  Wrong!
@jpickering1                     
"@realDonaldTrump How long until a Trump Golf Course hosts a major?" Very soon!
@not_that_actor    I know!
@lcamp34  Thanks.
@eboy12318   Thanks!
Isn't it sad the way Putin is toying with Obama regarding Snowden. We look weak and pathetic. Could not happen with.a strong leader!
@JGrant_Realtor  Thank you!
@Nick_Botha  Thank you.
@CompaqSstring3 Perhaps.
Eliot better have a great pre-nup—I want to help Silda in her negotiation.
People don’t know that Eliot’s father is very rich. Eliot likes to pretend he’s poor to appeal to voters.
Wow! Does Eliot Spitzer have a girlfriend? This is getting exciting.
@doug_barnard                     
"@realDonaldTrump You should Vine more often, they're great! #trumpvine"  Thanks!
It is a great victory for NYC that A-Rod will never wear pinstripes again.
I am getting worried about Chris @hardball_chris Matthews.  Is he drinking again?
Chris @hardball_chris Matthews ratings are at new historic lows.  He is single-handedly destroying the entire @msnbc channel.
Snowden is handing over to Russia a treasure trove of intel. Our politicians are incapable of dealing!
A sad day for America with Snowden being granted asylum in Russia.  Putin is laughing at Obama.
Be sure to keep following announcements on the development of Trump International Golf Club Dubai.  Will be spectacular.
@willeshirey                  
"@realDonaldTrump so proud to be going to your alma mater you smart man"  Great.
@kaplunm        
"@realDonaldTrump thoughts on Snowden being granted asylum in Russia?" No respect for U.S. by Russia.
@THETylerDeBoer @JoelOsteen  Being associated with Joel is my great honor--he is a fantastic man!
I wonder who @ArsenioHall's first guest will be---- his show will be great!
“What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.” -  Norman Vincent Peale
When I jokingly said "bring back Steve Jobs to run Apple" because Apple has not been doing well, the haters &amp; losers had a field day!  Sad.
@The_Iron_Lad Conservative!
@MEEDColin   Yes, very soon.  Project will be amazing!
@firdousalidr Have fun!
@ccalder0811 Thank you.
@glenda_goff Happy birthday Glenda!
@An3T   Thanks.
@rat4xmas Thanks Tim!
@hugozepedatv   Thank you.
@Cancer_Champion  Thank you for those nice words!
Now with the Danger-Weiner campaign dead, time to focus on crazy Eliot Spitzer. A man who has never earned 10 cents in his life.
Just like @Yankee organization, I can’t wait for @MLB to suspend A-Rod. Will be a great day for the sport.
@Klassnik                      
"i survive on bread, water and @realDonaldTrump's essential tweets"  Great!
@Wsutt                
"@realDonaldTrump Are you redoing the Red Course @ Doral too?"  Yes.
@sharonk720            
"@realDonaldTrump appreciate the advice. Needed that today. Thank u."  My honor.
Obama believes Benghazi is a “phony scandal.”  Nothing phony about Americans being killed by Islamists.
@Irene1969 Have a great day.
Be sure to listen to my interview on tonight’s @SteveDeaceShow.  Steve is a terrific guy!
Congratulations to @DianeSawyer on her big ratings win for the evening news. Diane is a spectacular person.
@Based_Erc   Thanks.Eric.
Poll numbers have nosedived for pervert NYC mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner- good news for New York!
@not_that_actor   Thank you Andy!
@lunaticial Sorry Dopey, I bought lots of Facebook Stock at 16.
@JUrciuoli19 Justin, it will be on in the Fall - the cast will be great!
@sgonzalez1964 Thanks Sonia.
Without passion you don't have energy, without energy you have nothing!
@da1nonlyasulony Thank you so much Adam!
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
@Oloch3  Thanks.
The Golden Rule of Negotiating:  He who has the gold makes the rules.
Negotiation tip: Be reasonable &amp; flexible. Being open to change could lead you into a fortunate situation and open the door to innovation.
@tuserious854 The Art of the Deal is a good start.
@tuserious854 I love what I do. You have to have passion for your work in order to be successful. That's number one.
Negotiation tip: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. Try to create a win/win situation.
Negotiation tip: Be patient, be persistent, be stubborn. Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself.
@gfgpj @ThomRipley  Thanks!
@JacoboCasarez                
"@realDonaldTrump which one of your Trump courses is your favorite to play?" Hard to say--all are fantastic.
@Chef_KayyArrDee Wow--great! Thanks.
@BaronToutenberg               
"@realDonaldTrump What advice would you give @anthonyweiner 's wife Huma?" Take off!
@JaminCoolJ                  
"@realDonaldTrump Donald, out of all the resorts you own, which do you consider the best?" I'd better not say!
“Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.” - Vince Lombardi
@PIETIEV  Thanks!
@chef2234 @Cloutsnchara Happy Birthday.
@aprilpole                
"@realDonaldTrump I love your sayings..very inspirational..thank you"  Thanks.
I'm at Trump National DC @TrumpGolfDC watching the #2013JuniorPGA championship--fantastic young players! @ThePGAofAmerica.
@TrumpDoral @RealJoeBrady It will really be amazing when complete.
@MKasun Thanks.
@MontoyaMania                
"a good 75% of @realDonaldTrump 's tweets get favorited"   Great!
@euanhay You can have a round on me!
@Deelaney31                     
"@realDonaldTrump Besides hard work, what has made you such an enormous success?" I love what I do.
Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
@RonaldFasshauer True!
@ThejustinMiami The Art of the Deal!
@colinth21 Thanks Colin.
@RealSonnyNewman  They are laughing.
@vin7768   Thank you-work hard and good luck.
The U.S. is now "begging" Russia to give back Edward Snowden. In a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. No respect!
Druggie @AROD is now scheming to sue the @Yankees. He will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time.
Wacko pervert @AnthonyWeiner’s idea of Hispanic outreach is using Carlos Danger as his sexting. He’s an insensitive racist.
The 250 million dollar construction of Trump Nationsl Doral is coming along great. Just left Miami where I toured entire project.AMAZING!
Getting ready to leave @TrumpDoral and the brand new Blue Monster course--it's unbelievable!
“Learn to think continentally.” - Alexander Hamilton
In beautiful Miami inspecting the progress of @TrumpDoral’s $250 million conversion into the country's #1 resort.
Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. That's a shortcut to undermining your own potential.
@MikeMcHale09      
"@realDonaldTrump Wouldn't you agree, that Apple is falling off without visionary Steve Jobs?" Yes.
@purplerapezebra                    
"@realDonaldTrump also new products. they are going back to the pre steve jobs days." And I have stock
@Dawson304  True!
@cccabrera10                       
"@realDonaldTrump reading The Midas Touch now, what an amazing source of good information."  Thanks.
“There are no environments where you're only going to win, because life just isn't like that.” -  Bobby Orr
@leaheary  Thanks.
@DanScavino   Great!
I've just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring (&amp; dumb) haters and losers. They are a waste of time and energy!
Isn’t it sad that Weiner’s first press conference with wife Huma was yesterday admitting to a sext he made post-resignation &amp; apology!
I can’t believe Apple isn’t moving faster to create a larger iPhone screen. Bring back Steve Jobs!
For the sake of New York City, all recent sexting victims of Anthony ‘Carlos Danger’ Weiner should come forward.
@prisih91               
"In love with The best book that i ever read ! @realDonaldTrump "why we want you to be rich" and Robert kiyosaki"
@SonsofReagan                 
"@realDonaldTrump Please post a Daily #Vine saying 'Obama You're Fired'! Thank You!"
Today Obama will give another speech on the economy. Tomorrow our country will still be $17T+ in debt with 18% real unemployment.
@samaraOMGharper  Thanks.
@ACmeansBusiness Thanks.
@stevenfarris        
"@realDonaldTrump Great interview with Greta!  "America has lost incentive!" "  Thanks and true.
We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. Think about that and develop a strategy starting today.
“Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.”- John Wayne
More and more reporters are using the word TRUMP when referring to winning--just used on Bloomberg News. Gee, I wonder why?
Vattenfall, the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in Aberdeen, Scotland, just took a loss of $4.6 billion after dumb European move
Bloomberg News - Spain's renewable projects, lead by money losing wind turbines, facing bankruptcy. Hopefully Scotland is watching!
@JMHPolitics  True!
@mikeymexico  Thsnk you.
@3girlsandDTrain   Just amazing!
Greta in a few minutes-will be interesting!
@lucasnahn Thanks.
I am doing Greta tonight on Fox - talking about Obama Care and pervert Anthony Wiener!  10 P.M.
On Anthony Wiener, I TOLD YOU SO!
Remember, Anthony Wiener continued sending sick pics. long after his resignation from Congress and his apology-zero control over himself!
@presidentstevie   Not when you are running for Mayor!
As I told everyone once before, Wiener is a sick puppy who will never change-100% of perverts go back to their ways. Sadly, there is no cure
I will be on ON THE RECORD @gretawire tonight at 10 pm
@jeffldye                    
"@realDonaldTrump Visually the best golf course I have ever played! Trump international Golf Links." Thanks.
@rexrode_lisa                
"@realDonaldTrump you date girls young enough to be your daughter.That's perverted" Dated. No, that's talent.
@sepamu @rainnwilson Citizen Kane, Gone with the Wind, The Good the Bad and the Ugly, etc.
@StephenDoody3                   
"@realDonaldTrump Do you think Anthony Weiner deserves a 3rd chance?"  No.
“To be a visionary and to be a billionaire, you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily.” – Think Like a Billionaire
.@AROD is back on the DL.  The coming suspension will be announced soon by @MLB.
This is the summer of box office bombs.  Who is green lighting this garbage? The scripts are terrible.
Phil Mickelson’s final 66 round in @The_Open was amazing. Congrats on his well-deserved win. Amazing competitor &amp; a great guy!
@YashKandhari        
"@realDonaldTrump I'll say it again, your tweets are very motivational &amp; inspiring. Thank you so much" Thank you.
@ashleyemom23 Happy Birthday!
ginrnnr2                    
"@realDonaldTrump ...is China economy in a "bubble"?"  Only if we want it to be!
@ScottFerrall  Thanks.
@RickyMadsen @HeidiMads @Oprah Happy Anniversary Heidi!
If you've got some problems today, that's a good sign--that's life. So give them some thought and make the most of the situation.
Word is that they have far more evidence on A-Rod than they have on Ryan Braun! Alex is over.
Baseball player Ryan Braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty as.hell!
@Page08   True!
China is taking the oil from Iraq after we spent 1.5 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their "freedom". Our leaders are so stupid!
500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an Iraq prison today. That country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess!
China is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott! Very sad.
Apple is finally considering a large screen for the I-Phone-they better get moving fast. When I told them to do this last year, they scoffed
@not_that_actor   A terrible situation.
Will be on Fox &amp; Friends in 3 minutes-7.00 A.M.
@Erikjhalvorsen   Yes!
Also, The Donald J. Trump Signature mattress from SERTA is doing record business-call Serta and see why!
The ties, shirts and suits at Macy's are doing fantastically well-check out the new designs and low prices-nothing better!
“Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.” – Think Big
Our GDP has been growing less than 2% for the last 5 years.  ObamaCare will slow us down even more.  Has to be repealed.
Some good news for New York – Weiner has dropped 12 points in the polls &amp; that is before more of the pervert’s old texts are released.
@coolioneal  Thanks.
@tmWood8 @FoxNews Thanks.
.@AS_ScienceGuy                     
"@realDonaldTrump Thank you for all your support of @autismspeaks Great new breakthroughs." Fantastic!
@jeff__miller  Thanks.
@CleoVienRayTaba Could happen.
Detroit is going through very hard times right now.. If they are smart, brighter days are ahead.
.@AndreaTantaros’s radio show is a great addition to talk radio. She is sharp, talented, &amp; great sense of humor. Congratulations.
@YashKandhari                 
"@realDonaldTrump Sir your tweets are truly motivational! Thanks a lot" Thank you.
@MGSeneca He was a great friend of mine--loyal guy.
@elbatata_ok The Art of the Deal is a good introduction.
@jdaddy98  Never Give Up gives an overview of projects &amp; problems solved.
“Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.” – Think Big
Re-run of O'Reilly on Fox NOW!
On Bill O'Reilly in 5 minutes!
For the disciples of global warming, in 150 summers (years) there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than current-this has happened b4!
Whether you love, like or hate Donald Trump, I will be on Bill O'Reilly (Fox) tonight at 8.00. Bill knows Trump is great for ratings!
@JoselynMartinez  Thank you Joselyn.
I will be on @oreillyfactor tonight, interview with Bill O'Reilly, on @FoxNews at 8 p.m., repeated at 11 p.m.
“Labor disgraces no man; unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor.” - Gen. Ulysses S. Grant
@cloverc8  Thanks.
@algiers4 Thanks--say hi to Mikey.
“One thing I’ve learned about the press is they’re always hungry for a good story, the more sensational the better.” - Art of the Deal
@thompson_dustin The Art of the Deal.
“The most important political office is that of the private citizen.” - Justice Louis D. Brandeis
@vinceritch Thanks.
@TrumpPhillyGM                     
"@realDonaldTrump You have truly elevated this club to another level. We thank you!" Thanks!
The Fed’s pumping is great news in the short term but it can’t last forever.  Be prudent in your market investing.
Congratulations to @KingJames on winning Athlete of the Year in last night’s @ESPYS. LeBron is also a great guy!
.@youngmman "@realDonaldTrump Conrad Hilton was a great man but Barron Hilton is a dope." Wrong on Barron!
Go to @Macys now to see the incredible new selection of Trump Signature Collection ties, shirts and suits.
@rhino848484 My honor.
.@GOP congress needs to actually defund ObamaCare, not waste time passing non-binding resolutions.
Why is the @GOP congress focusing on amnesty when so many Americans are unemployed?
Isn't it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution
Don't talk about Rolling Stone Magazine but, most importantly, don't buy it. This degenerate killed and maimed so many wonderful people!
Sad thing is Rolling Stone was (is) a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now, for them at last, people are talking about it!
The Zimmerman trial is over.  It is time to move on.  While Zimmerman is no angel, he was acquitted and should be able to move on.
.@IsraeliPM @netanyahu is a resolute leader.  When he sets a red line, it stands!
.@MissUSA Erin Brady is doing a fantastic job representing Trump Miss USA.  Smart, gorgeous--a really positive force!
The 2013 Trump @MissUniverse Pageant comes to Moscow on November 9th.  Airing from Crocus City Hall on @nbc!
Only in America can a Jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health &amp; then get a @RollingStone cover.
@B3kz0r  Many people agree!
@Preppermeister @EastsideRJ  Thanks.
.@jacknicklaus has done a GREAT job as the architect of my new golf course at Ferry Point. NYC is very proud!
@CMCoe Have fun!
@francaselles  Thank you.
Fun fact for my 2M+ followers - the 'Architect' Karl Rove blew $400M in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6%.
Mariano Rivera is one of top @Yankees of all time. Greatest closer of all time. A true warrior. Last night's MVP award well-deserved.
@PRGirl817                 
"Way to go @realDonaldTrump for the big donation to the #VAuction"  Thanks.
@JocelynClervil @ESPN_Colin  Thanks.
@espnradio My great honor!
@jrmarsy Rolling Stone is just another dying magazine that sucks!
@lakotadlustig  Good luck!
@ShawnWHughes  Thanks.
@FunnyJS Great, thanks!
@koneslager         
"@realDonaldTrump - just finishing Midas Touch...Thank you so much for the great knowledge and wisdom in the book" Thx.
@dolla1125 It's the sense of achievement along the way.
@Terrell87               
"@realDonaldTrump I read your book: "Trump 101 The Way to Success" and I absolutely love it." Thanks, good luck!
@Pliztef  I like being nice to people.
@BrikMillerEDG You will love it!
@owenkopitekavan               
"@realDonaldTrump I just finished reading think like a champion, I loved it..." Thanks and good luck.
@dszippit Very nice question, thank you Danny.
Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.
@VINnipuncture Great idea, I will ask her!
American league wins!
@RussellCochran Thanks.
@carlosbeltran15   Great job-you are a terrific player!
@JMonaski1 Sad!
@markodero32   Interesting.
@Polatseck Thanks!
Give a lot of credit to Carlos Beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the Cardinals-great going Carlos!
“He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.” - Muhammad Ali
@MysticWolf12001 Thanks.
@IRideMarta:                     
"@realDonaldTrump please save our country before its too late!! President Trump sounds perfect" Thanks.
@jonyeong Don't be a fool.
Weiner and Spitzer are on top of the latest polls.  A sad day for the greatest city on earth! They will spend lots of time together.
@AustinSaysThat True!
@JesusSoGameeer I promise.
@ugolf_ross Perhaps. Pray for great leadership!
@ajshaw1003 Great!
@ADuanePotter Do not give up--you will make it!
@not_that_actor  Interesting!
Traitor Snowden has requested asylum in Russia.  Why would Russia grant it?  Snowden already gave them all the intel he stole!
“Do whatever it takes to improve your public-speaking skills. You’ll absolutely need them.” – Midas Touch
.@ArceePalabrica @realDonaldTrump "Midas Touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed. Thanks for sharing your knowledge"
“Most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there.” -Think Big
@Sandy070707 Thanks.
@menyhoffman Great and thanks.
@John_Monteforte  Thank you.
@underworldfilms Thank you!
@trace_barden Good luck.
Had a great time on @IngrahamAngle this morning.
I am not available to be in @adamcarolla's new movie #RoadHard.bit.ly/roadhardmovie
Just found out that at a charity auction of celebrity portraits in E. Hampton, my portrait by artist William Quigley topped  list at $60K
“A brand is not a logo. A brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver.” – Midas Touch
@pixxxxxiedust Yes Danielle, a great chance.
Obama will eventually approve the Keystone XL pipeline--has to happen but it is very late!
“Learn, work, and think in equal proportions, and you’ll be going in the right direction.” – Think Like a Champion
Now A-Rod doesn’t even show up to his single-A rehab games.  Maybe the @Yankees will get lucky and @MLB will suspend A-Rod.
Be careful – sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is upping his campaigning.  When will new pictures be released?
Eliot Spitzer’s illegal, frivolous &amp; over reaching harassment of Hank Greenberg at AIG played a major part in 2008 financial meltdown.
All NYC needs is the mentally unstable Elliot Spitzer in office again.
@HelenPferdehirt Thanks Helen
Zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense, especially in Florida law, gave the jury little other choice
@fordbeautyqueen   Thanks.
Spitzer failed as A.G., failed as Governor in disgrace, and was fired on all T.V. shows (boring and zero ratings), and he's at it again!
I would invite Edward Snowden to be a judge at the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early!
@EvanSMSolutions   Good luck!
Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back?
I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th.
Russia should hand over Snowden to the U.S. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders.
@rockster62   Wow!
@leighton_chris   Thanks.
@jimdaniels_jd   Thanks.
@anitanewell   Interesting.
@anitanewell   True!
@mikefavreece   Thanks!
@JTFoxx   True and thanks!
@BeaumontAnthony   Thanks!
“Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business – so give it a chance to work.” – Think Like a Champion
“Action is the foundational key to all success.” - Pablo Picasso
“Real estate is at the core of almost every business, and it's certainly at the core of most people's wealth.” – Think Like a Billionaire
@JaiiderVilla   Thank you.
@IAMAASHKA    Thanks, it will be great.
Snowden has given serious information to China and Russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! He is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime!
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly, then move on. Do not dwell on failure. Start thinking big again.
Derek Jeter’s rehab assignment is progressing on schedule. He's a true @Yankees captain. Look forward to seeing him back on the field
Lying traitor Snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the Russians or Chinese.  Why doesn’t he come home then?
“A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Why should ObamaCare be delayed for businesses and not working families?  With premiums rising at record levels, it is not equitable.
Just as I predicted, ObamaCare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own. May never be fully implemented.
Getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners, who have suffered enough!
Interesting…the last time a Democrat succeeded a two-term Democratic pres. was in 1836 when Martin Van Buren succeeded Andrew Jackson.
@djRandyRan Happy Birthday.
Congratulations to Gretchen Carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on @FoxNews.
Great news that @ehasselbeck will be joining @foxandfriends.  Elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on @theviewtv.
@rickywatt1 Thanks.
@Skooogs Great!
@JoshuaMelhorn Thanks.
@LeapfrogMark BBC is a scandal ridden wasteland--a one sided piece of garbage!
@kjclt1 Thanks!
@NebSeb Thanks.
With the two wacko perverts--Spitzer and Weiner--NYC politics has become a joke all over the world.
Spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father (a friend of mine who never thought much of Eliot as a businessman
Eliot Spitzer was a horrible Governor and A.G. who ruined many good people and cost the Country billions of dollars in losses (and jobs).
@Macdaddyeli   You are correct Eliana!
It probably was not drugs that caused the San Fran crash, but why aren't they testing - who knows?
@flyingcolours66   Thanks, it has been amazing!
The San Fran crash was totally the pilot's fault - may be too late for drug testing, RIDICULOUS!
What took investigators so long to interview the pilots of Asiana San Fran crash?  WHY NO DRUG TESTS FOR PILOTS-they were really "off".
.@TIME Magazine should definitely pick David Pecker to run things over there - he'd make it exciting and win awards!
“Winners never quit and quitters never win.” - Vince Lombardi
Pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that Bin Laden was living in Abbottabad.  They were sheltering him.
It’s Tuesday.  How much money will Karl Rove waste today trying to push amnesty through the House?
“You don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal.” – The Art of The Deal
Too bad @morningmika did not allow her interview with @SpitzerForNYC  to go on another few minutes…would have been interesting…
With Spitzer &amp; Anthony Weiner running for office, New York  is pervert central!  Pathetic
“A failure or setback is not a defeat. Defeat is a state of mind. You are defeated only when you accept defeat.” – Think Big
@RickHasAMartini   You said you are "tired" - say the rest, that you're lazy and dumb!
@MsLisaALevy  Thank you!
@PaulCrouch22 Thank you!
@stenbizzle @Tomdoggy True and thanks.
@vexnerd  I did a great thing for Scotland!
@BeaumontAnthony True and thanks!
@jreid1973 She was great!
@dimasmoosa Thank you.
@JackOLoughlin  Thanks.
@kylejkrantz True!
@lexgates We built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world...bringing business to Scotland.
@L100RAN  Thanks!
@stenbizzle @Tomdoggy Thanks--has been great for Scotland.
@NatalieJeeaann  Great!
@theoclass True.
@Lee_Renn1  Thanks.
@BrandIdeator The Art of the Deal is a good start.
We should not cut any aid to Egypt.  Their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government.
@ptr2mm  Thanks.
Isn’t it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property?
@MarcoCompagno You are probably correct, I am too honest to be a good politician!
@ChayalimBodedim    Thank you.
@KayJayButton   Yeah, blame me moron!
@andy_murray   Fantastic job by @andy_murray, a true champion who showed tremendous courage and determination!  AMAZING
@chrisopherdavis   True and thanks!
Anderson Silva just got knocked out by new champion Chris Weidman! Congrats to Chris.
Would seem that plane landed short of runway in San Francisco!
@GolfweekMag - Thank you for Trump Scotland honor!
Just heard that the great Golf Week Magazine named my Trump International Golf Course-Scotland The Best Modern Day Golf Course In The World!
@TheRealKurse     So true!
@craig_longislnd   Thanks Craig.
@ruffff2    Thanks-a great place!
@BeccaPiano  Thank you Becca.
For all of those that were hoping I was wrong, and this is a very unimportant subject to me, Dwight Howard just officially announced Houston
@ChristineJude   Thanks Christine, very nice!
@drunkrhino   Great!
Dwight Howard just signed with Houston.
To all of those who asked, I predicted two weeks ago and again last night that Dwight Howard would go to Houston.Do I get congrats-insight?
@lulabel3766   But Paula handled it very poorly!
@sirtyro   Thank you!
The "Arab Spring" is not working out so well-nice name, bad results!
My son @EricTrump and @LaraLeaYunaska just announced their engagement. Great news! A wonderful couple!
@ninetek  Then why do you follow me like a little puppy, moron?
Sharks are last on my list - other than perhaps the losers and haters of the World!
Sorry folks, I'm just not a fan of sharks - and don't worry, they will be around long after we are gone.
Leaving Miami-Trump National Doral will be GREAT!
@farm_mom   So true!
Stop and frisk works.  Instead of criticizing @NY_POLICE Chief Ray Kelly, New Yorkers should be thanking him for keeping NY safe.
In 2011 I said that Mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse.  Obama made a mistake.
@lbenson3 You're right, it's beautiful--thanks!
I just arrived in Miami where I will be checking out construction of the brand new Trump National Doral - always closely watch construction!
Nice article on Trump Links at Ferry Point in today's New York Post - the construction is going really well!
He would be crazy to play in L.A. - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players!
Wow, Obama Care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood - the beginning of the end!
Oil prices just went over $100 per barrel for first time in nine months!
@kennymacaskill1   Thanks!
@BornAgain8344   Will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil).
@Dzeroseven   Wrong!
@FamousUmair   That's great!
@Pourquoipas20  Good idea, will create one.
@DurangoRick   Thank you:-)
@dwangpow   So true!
“Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Our ego gives us a sense of purpose.” – Think Like a Champion
“You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why.” – Midas Touch
“Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.” – My father, Fred C. Trump
.@Yankees are making a big mistake sending the doping @AROD to rehab assignment. Should suspend him until investigation is over.
I am honored to be receiving the American Spectator Foundation Award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in Washington DC this fall.
I don’t know Dennis Kozlowski, who made Tyco into a great company &amp; then went to prison, but he’s up for parole—let him go!
Snowden, if you’re such a hero then come back home and face justice.  In reality, you are just another wiseguy traitor.
Anti-Morsi protests are 10 times larger than 2011 anti-Mubarek protests. Interesting.
@DurangoRick Thank you!
@jaymztyler I would stop paying him immediately.
Yesterday Obama compared Nelson Mandela to George Washington in Africa. Do you think he really believes it?
We should be concerned about the American worker &amp; invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa.
Congratulations to @secupp on joining @newtgingrich on @CNN’s Crossfire. Show will be excellent!
Our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the Arizona wildfire. God bless them.
@spence_derek I'll bet he was!
Fox and.Friends now!
Edward Snowden is absolutely killing the the U.S. with other countries!
19 firefighters killed in Arizona - terrible tragedy!
Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant!
@kenzig   Thank you.
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. In construction, always watch the money!
I am so disappointed that the Yankeed haven't terminatrd A-Rod's contract. There is no way they would not win in court! Hard to believe.
Just watched Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg on 60 Minutes. She should spend more time trying to get the F stock price up &amp; less on her ego!
@danshaw2012   True!
Everytime someone tweets that I wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with "them" - just another sad &amp; lonely hater and loser!
I like doing this once a month for the haters &amp; losers (and as they know)-I don't wear a "wig". Some may not like my hairstyle, but all mine
@CarlosGerboles   Wrong, made a lot of money in Atlantic City-and most kids do blow their inheritance, or do nothing with it-look at stats.
@ebrumby   Thank you.
@spsmith78   So how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says?
What my father really gave me is a good (great) brain, motivation and the benefit of his experience-unlike the haters and losers (lazy!).
You mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and I multiplied it many, many times to over $10 billion-is bad?
@KillngAmerJobs   They will mostly vote for Dems.
I don't get @billmaher and his terrible show - he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect. Check past!
Congratulations to @newtgingrich‎ on being signed to co-host @CNN Crossfire. Great move by Jeff Zucker.
Obama’s carbon tax plan will finance more windmills in America. More real estate depreciated, wildlife killed, incl. bald eagles
“Always strive to outdo yourself.” – Think Big
How did Snowden, with not even a high school education, get access to top secret U.S. records. He then gave, or sold, those records-traitor!
@Rogerjmunson   Only 40 hours? (just kidding).
Can you imagine not taking Snowden's passport away before he jetted happily away to foreign lands (where he gave away many U.S. secrets).
Keep difficulties in perspective. Ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?"
Putin re Snowden issue “it is like shearing a pig: there’s lots of squealing and little fleece.”
Call it any way you like, but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?
“Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.” – Lao Tzu
There are huge opportunities for profits if you can think big &amp; create big solutions for the human needs brought by trends. -Think Big
@AGCCevents @chambertalk Have fun!
@inkinhole  Very sad, isn't it!
@VinceMirabelli @TrumpLasVegas Thanks!
@Rich_LaBelle Have fun.
@KennethHazlett An answer would not be pretty!
@MIbrunette  Our country needs the same fix-up.
Whether you like it or not, Bush also gave us Obama!
Remember, but for Conservatives, Bush would have given us not only Roberts but also Harriet Miers. Face it, Bush was terrible!
Why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the Republican judges will go.
.@tomhanks was fabulous in @LuckyGuyPlay last night—as was the entire cast.
“Ability is nothing without opportunity.” - Napoleon Bonaparte
As hard as it is to believe, sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is leading in some polls for Mayor of NYC.
China loved Obama’s climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.
Obama’s speech on climate change was scary. It will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel &amp; food for everyone.
“Don’t be afraid of mistakes. They can be  learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself.”  Think Like a Champion
Shining over Fifth Avenue, @TrumpTowerNY (a NY icon) offers a full service restaurant, bar, cafe, ice cream parlor and Gucci.
One of the most expensive projects ever in Miami @TrumpDoral’s $200M of renovations are right on schedule. When completed, will be elite!
@nstegm  Real estate!
@pearlharry  Thank you!
@cherrie_stevens Interesting!
@Fordette12 Great!
@DerrinTexada Good luck--work hard!
@DanilluHermman   The Wharton School of Finance is the best!
Paula Deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake. She will be back!
The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Report
@michael74085825   Almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. Polls have shown 93% approval:-)
@lmetzger3590   Thank you.
@DreadPhil1   Miss USA Pageant is MUCH better!
@BlackFridayMGT You can't even spell businessman. I use the B laws like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell.
@micr0driguez   They gave up because the shirts, ties and cufflinks are hot sellers @Macy's.
New and great selection of ties, shirts and cufflinks@Macy's - check them out!
@KevinwArchie   Thanks.
Congratulations to our great resident of Chicago Trump Tower, Patrick Kane, @88PKane for the #StanleyCup win &amp; winning MVP of series.
Looking forward to my @theFAMiLYLEADER summit visit and speech.
.@NikWallenda #Skywire As much credit as he's been given, he wasn’t given enough credit for his incredible feat over Grand Canyon.
We need to worry about the American worker first!
Becoming a US citizen is not a right, it’s a privilege.
Yesterday, 15 @GOP senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws.
@MFMagOfficial Thank you.
@EcatXerxes  Go for it!
@lorenzolamas Thank you!
@513pango That's really nice--good luck!
@cwbmustang There certainly is plenty of evil.
@HalfMoon4Life Thanks.
@1DavidKim @TrumpToronto Great!
@paulcdevlin Much better, enjoy it!
“Some events will wipe out one person but will make another even more tenacious.” – Think Like a Champion
Our debt is about to top $17T. ObamaCare and China (&amp; others) are killing American business.
Snowden is showing how weak the U.S. has become.
We are being embarrassed by Russia and China on Snowden (and much more) yet Obama is talking about global warming on Tuesday.
@ARMusicPlanner Happy Birthday Anthony,
@pbanura or Ireland?
@TrumpPhillyGM @DavisCPAGroup @TrumpPhillyPro  Have fun!
@BestNewProduct @TrumpCollection  Thanks, it is a beautiful city.
@EWErickson Enjoy your stay!
@caroleapple   Great meeting you!
@WWEfan123444  Good luck.
Putin says Russia can’t allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrent—U.S. wants to reduce—are we crazy?
@CosmicShiftBar @I_Am_Optimistic Thanks.
@BarriMedia Good luck.
@fubaglady @CamaroDays  Thanks, I do and will!
@KJLLeonard Thanks!
Due diligence includes increasing your financial IQ daily.
The best investors are visionaries—they look beyond the present.
Vision remains vision until you focus, do the work, and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
After one of the great chokes in the history of sports, it will be hard for the Spurs to beat the Heat - but who knows. Good game on now!
My people caught the person who committed "forgery" of the James Gandolfini-Obama Care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. Arrest coming?
Re negotiation: Trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
@rtwing1020  Thanks--it will be great.
Keep focused on your goals. Practice positive thinking. View any conflict as an opportunity--look at the solution, not the problem.
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Negotiation includes a lot of fine lines--and that's what makes it an art.
Our debt is about to reach $17T. Iraq has $20T in oil reserves. Interesting.
@DannyZuker Loser Danny is obsessed with Trump.
We know who did the hoax of James Gandolfini and ObamaCare. Be careful, Mister.
James Gandolfini was a remarkable talent.  He was also a decent man.  We will all miss him.
“Keep your brand standard in mind, and your expansion will seem possible as well as gratifying.” – Midas Touch
Some dope said I deleted a tweet about James G. There was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet).
Who would really believe I would say such a thing about a guy I truly liked, James Gandolfini.  Sadly, very sick people use my name.
I never made the ridiculous comment about James G. and Obama Care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. Not my style!
@Matglav @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  Thank you.
I salute all Tea Party Patriots for marching on DC today.  Stand strong!
Great to see @SarahPalinUSA back on @FoxNews. She's a wonderful woman and commentator.
.@Ed_Klein’s book ‘The Amateur’ is out in paper back.  Lots of insights.
@TheBigAStabile   So true.
@tubby511 Thank you!
@LongLiveTheBOSS   Thank you, very nice!
Amazing comeback by The Heat - your friends at your favorite golf club, Trump National Doral, are proud of you. NOW for game 7!
Watch the game-really good.
Great basketball game going on right now!
Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so, will he become my new best friend?
The Miami Heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long Summer for them.
The Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW, RUSSIA on November 9th. A big deal that will bring our countries together!
I met a Trump Twitter hater last night (well known). As he came near me he nervously said, "Mr. Trump, it is an honor to meet you sir!" Nice
Young entrepreneurs – never back down. Take the hits and get up.  That’s what makes a winner.
Keep testing your limits. Never become complacent.  Always think big!
All I can say is that if I were President, Snowden would have already been returned to the U.S. (by their fastest jet) and with an apology!
Snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and U.S.prestige. China is laughing at us as he continues illegal action
Snowden is sitting in China and taunting the U.S. He is mocking us as a Country. Great time to place a tax on China trade if not turned over
Like it or not, haters and losers, everybody is talking about Miss U.S.A. and Miss Utah. By the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her.
Frankly, for a writer, I don’t think @DannyZuker’s stuff is good. In fact, it’s terrible.
I own @DannyZuker, but he has his friends &amp; haters &amp; losers tweeting that he beat me. He can’t beat me at anything!
A country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure. Secure our borders!
Trending story on Miss Utah is very unfair. She simply lost her train of thought—could happen to anyone! @MissUSA  @MissUniverse
Congratulations to @EmilyMiller, @mboyle1 &amp; @NolteNC on making @FishbowlDC’s list of "10 Journos You Don't Want to Fight on Twitter."
.@GiulianaRancic &amp; @nickjonas both did a wonderful job hosting @MissUSA! Everyone loved @JonasBrothers &amp; @DJPaulyD’s performances!
Congratulations to Connecticut’s Erin Brady on being crowned the 2013 @MissUSA! America will be well-represented in @MissUniverse!
A family in Las Vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. Great!
We should stay the hell out of Syria, the "rebels" are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO
Happy Father's Day to all, even the haters and losers!
@LeoDiCaprio   Come to Miss U.S.A. tomorrow in Las Vegas-will be a great evening!
“Don’t find fault. Find a remedy.” – Henry Ford
@quicksorter Have a good time, enjoy this great city.
@Eurphrosye  Great!
@AdeleBrumley  Thanks!
@DuchessofDallas  Thanks Anna.
.@GiulianaRancic &amp; @nickjonas are co-hosting Miss USA 2013 -- Sunday night at 9 PM ET on NBC. @JonasBrothers will be performing. Tune in!
.@IvankaTrump and I are looking forward to visiting Vancouver next week.  Big announcement…
Still a great time to buy residential property.  The courts are holding up foreclosures.  Buy directly from the banks.
It’s Thursday.  How much has OPEC ripped us off today?
Challenges present opportunities.  Always keep your focus and stay calm.
Thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes -- very nice!
@Teerellz_95   You have no chance!
@Sir_KLZA  Hater, Danny is getting his ass kicked like he has all of his life!
@wfdelong   Now tell the truth.
Just tried watching Modern Family - written by a moron, really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry Danny!
@WhiskeySam99  .Sam, you are so pathetic!
Lightweight @DannyZuker is too stupid to see that China (and others) is destroying the U.S. economically and our leaders are helpless! SAD.
Is it a coincidence that the Middle East has blown up since Obama became president?
Why isn’t the @GOP congress doing everything possible to defund and cut ObamaCare?
I can't resist hitting lightweight @DannyZuker verbally when he starts up because he is just.so pathetic and easy (stupid)!
.@DannyZuker  Danny--You're a total loser!
Looking forward to speaking at @ralphreed’s @FaithandFreedom Gala Dinner on Friday in D.C. His staff has been great!
@scottymcd1980 Have fun and thanks.
.@DannyZuker Danny—Let your bosses on Modern Family lend you the money to play the game.  Show courage!
If Snowden was such a hero then he would be in America.  He is escaping justice!
I've been warning about China since as early as the 80’s. No one wanted to listen. Now our country is in real trouble. #TimetoGetTough
Wow, sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof, far worse than anybody could have predicted!
@lovevictoria   Happy birthday Victoria.
@MatthewJPizzo  Thanks Matt!
Amazing… @VattenfallGroup tried to destroy Aberdeen.
.@VattenfallGroup has topped Carbon Data’s rankings of the most carbon-intensive companies in the EU’s emissions trading scheme.
“The risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision.” – Maimonides
@jhayman2  Thank you.
@RoborBobor Thank you.
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Fill your mind with new information, &amp; use this information to spawn new ideas. - Think Big
Congrats to @BarbaraJWalters on winning  the @MadeinNY Mayor's Award for Lifetime Achievement! I love Barbara!
With so many scandals plaguing Obama, it seems that they all hit him at the right time. Could help him get away w/ all of them.
Belated congratulations to @serenawilliams on winning the French Open. A great player &amp; person!
Please don’t pay attention to all of those phony tweets that mention my twitter handle relative to “diet” -- it is a total scam.
Great going to Bob Kraft &amp; Bill Belichick of the @Patriots on @TimTebow.  Tim is a winner just like them!
@missally52 @Macys  Thanks and great job!
@Tedieballgame @Macys Me too, thanks!
@Rosemarrisa   She will run!
@JBradleyDesign1 @CNNMoney @jtotoole Thank you!
@nicla_b Thank you.
“Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.” - Babe Ruth
Shirts and ties are doing great @Macys--thanks!
@kevindrako2  Thanks, just really busy!
“Worry destroys focus.” – Think Big
A coincidence that the NSA leaker is living openly in Hong Kong?! At the same time the Chinese Pres. met with Obama in CA.
@Insanepricing  Lots and yes.
Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes on @DiscoveryCanada--don't miss it at 8 ET!
Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes  on @DiscoveryCanada--don't miss it at 8 ET!
Newsstand sales for @VanityFair, run by sleepy Graydon Carter, are down almost 20%. All he cares about are his bad food restaurants!
I hope everybody goes to Macy's today to get Donald J.  Trump shirts, ties, suits and cufflinks - they are really beautiful at low price
I'm in Scotland getting ready for a major news conference on the Great Dunes of Scotland announcing the second North Sea course - amazing!
“Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.” – Think Big
@sanmiguel_23 Thanks.
@tylerhogan1 You could never beat me at golf--18 club championships.
@ChrisSuprun @rjchoppy But didn't he bet on his own team--he paid the price.
I feel bad for all @VanityFair employees. Every day at work, they see circulation going down as Graydon runs his bad food restaurants.
I've done the largest house sale in U.S. history by selling a Palm Beach mansion for $100M, $60M more than I paid. I love real estate.
Remember Trump ties &amp; shirts @Macys for Fathers Day--your father will love you even more!
A-Rod has disgraced the blessed @Yankees organization, lied to the fans &amp; embarrassed NYC. He does not deserve to wear the pinstripes.
@Judare So true!
Giving away money and revolutionizing crowdfunding. Follow @fundanything to see which causes are financed daily
@Brandon_Grip Thanks Brandon.
@shelleysherwin  Wish your mother a happy birthday.
@glenda_goff Thank you!
@PIERPAOLOMONNI @TrumpChicago @Jonzy1523  Thank you.
@Jonzy1523 @TrumpChicago  Thanks, very proud of it.
@Cgroll33 Totally!
Pete Rose should now be allowed in The Baseball Hall of Fame. The all-time hits leader has paid the price already!
George Steinbrenner would have done a major number on A Rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid, even with the help of the union!
I can't believe the Yankees continue to pay A Rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying (and should have stopped a long time ago).
@go_onrob   The show is a joke in comparison to the original Apprentice, but it does pay me a lot of money.
@dblsolo700  Not concerned about them-weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park?  Go check your facts.
Likewise, the primary victims of violent crimes are in the African American and Hispanic communities. These people want LAW AND ORDER now!
When it comes to violent crime, and if we are going to solve the problem, we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is!
Sadly, the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics-a tough subject-must be discussed.
According to Bill O'Reilly, 80% of all the shootings in New York City are blacks-if you add Hispanics, that figure goes to 98%. 1% white.
Thanks to @johnrich for putting on such a great concert fot @Stjude. John was a winner on Celebrity Apprentice and is a fantastic guy.
My son @EricTrump has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for @StJude. He is a really good boy who loves helping kids.
I will be going to Aberdeen, Scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of Trump International Golf Links-press conference.
@charleyUfarley   Innocent of what, weren't they brutally mugging people in the Park that night? The City better not settle this case!
@arid93  They should have stopped paying him a long time ago.
@happyloner   Wrong you idiot!
The two dumbest interviews in history may go down as Lance Armstrong, who is being sued by everyone in the world, &amp; Michael Douglas.
Does anyone else have two golf pros—John Nieporte &amp; Jim Herman—who qualified for the U.S. Open?  Could this be an all-time record?
Congratulations to Jim Herman, my ass't golf pro at Trump Nat'l Golf Club/Bedminster, NJ for qualifying for the U.S. Open! @usopengolf
Whitey Bulger’s prosecution starts today.  Will be one of the most interesting and intriguing trials.
Congratulations to my head pro of Trump International Golf Club (Florida) John Nieporte for qualifying for the U.S. Open!  @usopengolf
@ArthurDeMeyer Happy Birthday!
26,000 sexual assaults in the military last year-way up from previous years. Armed Forces are in total turmoil!
The Miami Heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in Miami, Trump National Doral.
@JohnSim96499126   Thank you John!
@ericfranson  That is true.
@RealDonalDrumpf  Oh really, weren't they brutally mugging people all over the Park? - and now they are seeking damages - ridiculous!
@charleyUfarley You mean like Buffett, Kravis, Icahn, Paulson and almost all other bigs-I never went Bankrupt dumb ass!
@Vincent_Moretti   Thank you.
@ThomasVanhoutte Thanks, 57th and Fifth.
@rodmonium91 Say hi to your father--enjoy the tie.
@D4Dufour Thank you, very nice.
@theronnivp Thank you!
@GenevieveByrne @TrumpPanama Thanks, great building!
@sdoocy @BroRay You always look great on TV, even without a Trump tie!
@TalentedPaul  Thanks Paul.
@PartylikeRlove1 You don't need me--Mar-a-Lago is the best &amp; most beautiful place to get married. If I'm there I'll stop by. Congrats!
Congratulations to Aberdeen and Scotland for just having our great golf course named Best New Course In World by The Robb Report.
Thank you to the Robb Report, The Best of the Best issue, for just naming Trump International Golf Links the Best New Golf Course In World!
@ArronJ1  Find something you love doing--you have to have passion for your work. Then work hard and keep focused. Good luck!
Just got a great new selection of ties &amp; shirts @Macys.  Go buy them now for Father’s Day—they’re beautiful!
Ms. Goldberg &amp; her blowhard lawyer should be ashamed for having brought this frivolous case. They should pay me damages!
Today, Judge St. Eve ruled in my favor on the two remaining claims brought by Goldberg in Chicago.  The case is now officially over…
@Fan_JCena Good luck!
@alecmillionaire The architectural boat tour is great.
“Protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself." – The Art of the Deal
Serious stuff-IRS Commissioner visited White House 157 times, far more than Sec. of State or Defense. What a big story this is!
@HeatherChilders   Thanks Heather, and you do a great job on FOX!
The Yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the Mets - my great friend George Steinbrenner would be going nuts!
@4geiger Hi Sara--have a great time!
@MatthewJPizzo  Thanks Matt.
“I pride myself on being obstinate, stubborn, &amp; tough.  I think those are important qualities found in successful people.” – Think Big
Young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself, no one else will!
Frack now and frack fast unless we want to continue to be dependent on countries that hate us.
.@VattenfallGroup will never solve the issues with the Ministry of Defense. Besides, they smartly just left the project.
One of the many reasons that @VattenfallGroup dropped out of windfarm project—they couldn’t solve military radar defense problems
Little Mac Miller’s next album may bomb.  He can’t use my name again for sales.
“The Conservative does not despise government. He despises tyranny." - @marklevinshow
China has done great under Obama. Increased private US holdings by 500%. Hacks our military &amp; R&amp;D. Robs us blind daily.#timetogettough
@ChristianVaux True--I am the king of eradicating debt--it's easy!
@thejbrain Thank you!
@1BrianPadilla @_BOSS_TALK_ @VanityFair Dying magazine.
@Wicz_2003 Thanks.
@cbmcq Thank you.
@cronin_michelle Thanks!
@Mitchell_Traver Thanks.
@mallorybeck17   Thanks Mallory!
@_Warrendya_    Which one?
@sarah_e_smith9  Thanks.
“Is business success a natural talent? I think it’s a combination of aptitude, work and luck.” – Think Like a Champion
@yati_isma @tonyfernandes Thanks, but I receive from U.K. also.
@murraybrown10  Thanks.
@Katdhairstudio Thanks, but I don't feel like it--work too hard!
@raffie100  I'll bet you had a great son.
@amandaphantm No.
@NYCTiggy Hi Joanna.
@pastorshanewest  Hi to your sons. Tell them to never give up!
Military has announced that China has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs. China is our enemy.Should we offset this on our debt?
House GOP better get its act together.Defund ObamaCare. Out negotiate on debt ceiling. Form commissions on Benghazi &amp; IRS. No excuses!
.@TimTebow has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead.  He deserves to be in the @nfl.
The new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages.  It is another monstrosity a la ObamaCare.
@francaselles @KatieShow @katiecouric  Very cool, thank you.
@JATBWIFEE Thank you.
@volkermillion Pretty much!
@GraemeReid1984 @TrumpGolfLinks  Enjoy!
@chrisinspfld @KatieShow @katiecouric Thanks Chris!
@onedaddy26 Yes.
@jakewittman   Happy birthday!
@lisakaminsky   Yes.
@BollingsBalls   But I know @ericbolling and think he would do really well-tough, smart and a good guy!
@ClassicEd   That's what I hear.
“Never give up on yourself.” – Think Big
@bomoca Thanks, people love them (@Macys).
“We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.” - Milton Friedman
@MANDCNorthEast Yes you can for country's good.
@Austile147 U.S.A. is not rich, owes 17 trillion dollars.
@TheRC3  Thanks.
@MatthewLumby @VattenfallGroup No, the project sucks!
@tdragonfly Fight hard, they are horrible!
@smickiwench @MELANIATRUMP No, beautiful and really sweet and nice.
@BeccaPiano Thanks.
@TomPuiseux  Yes!
I commend Roger Ailes for publicly supporting @FoxNews’ employees against the Obama administration's intimidation of its reporters.
Who would be stupid enough to invest in @VattenfallGroup's ill-conceived windfarm when it will lose £25M yearly?
Additionally, two executives @VattenfallGroup are under major investigation &amp; they are unable to get the many permits necessary.
.@VattenfallGroup, lead investor in Aberdeen windfarm fiasco, has dropped out—project not economically viable--&amp; protestors hate it.
We spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the World but with hurricane Sandy and Oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us!
I like John McCain but we have to start rebuilding the United States instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart!
Why is Senator John McCain in Syria visiting with the rebels- MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@Travianno   Thanks!
It's 46º (really cold) and snowing in New York on Memorial Day - tell the so-called "scientists" that we want global warming right now!
See, dummy Danny Zuker, who I never heard until this, started something that he couldn't finish-gutless and unwilling to take my bet!
Nation's infrastructure is collapsing, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
It's freezing outside, where the hell is "global warming"??
@DannyZuker on your best day you can't come close to beating me, I'll kick your ass every time-take the bet Danny (check with M.F. boss).
@allidoisowen   Thanks!
@bvogel56   I never went bankrupt - just like Buffett, Icahn, Kravis and Paulson - as you know!
Sorry folks, got to go to work now - but "I'll be baaaaack"!
@RustinNiles Just killing time!
Come on @DannyZuker, take the bet, show your friends and family (&amp; your bosses on Modern Family) that you're not "chicken shit"
If @DannyZuker competed against me and.won (which not too many people do), he could win millions of $'s for himself or his charity!
The lawyer I just beat in Chicago was a buffoon but was a lot smarter and sharper than @DannyZuker. Come on Danny, make the bet!
@DannyZuker is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last night.He's afraid to make the wager
@TheRealKurse Thank you, I was dealing with a very bad person!
@pusspuss09   Thanks, Country is in trouble.
@DannyZuker everyone is saying you are being beaten badly at this game but you can turn things around quickly if you will go for the deal.
Hope everyone is watching the Finale rerun of Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC-especially the haters and losers! It is on right now.
No @DannyZuker it's making you crazy because you don't have the guts to play the game. Come on Danny, you can do it!
@dannyzuker I hope you pick up a lot of twitter followers by this so people can see what a total asshole you are!
@DannyZuker @AndyRichter Danny, you're not having fun, you are getting your ass kicked - afraid to make the deal?
No @DannyZuker , just the opposite, lots of money can go to charity if you have the guts to play the game (deal)!
Remember, @dannyzuker , you are not even the real "boss" of Modern Family - no big $$$$$$'s for you!
@DannyZuker Come on Danny, are u afraid of the DEAL (be careful, I'm really good at deals).
@DannyZuker Bigger means bigger dummy, you really are stupid, aren't you!
@DannyZuker Another racist remark by you, Danny, are you a racist?
I know you don't like to hear this @DannyZuker but the biggest nights of The Apprentice were far "bigger" than the biggest nights of Mod Fam
@ericleebow  Five great golf courses with the new Blue Monster currrently under construction!
Just got final renderings of Trump National Doral in Miami - there will be nothing like it in the Country, will be the best!
@DannyZuker, are you ready for the deal?
@gingram66 Wrong!
@DannyZucker, are you ready for the deal?
@LukewSavage  And dumb people like @DannyZucker.
I never heard of @DannyZucker until his very dumb and endless tweets started pouring out of insecure mind-but I have a great deal for him!
I was just told by a television pro thay @DannyZucker is one of the truly dumbest guys in the business-he's obsessed with T-so many flops!
It should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification when tweeting - they will no longer be so brave!
@julesmattsson   Wrong, totally proved my case but didn't get damages because the libel laws in this Country suck!
@TheJuice59101   I do, thanks.
@ForQ2  Are you making less than minimum wage, don't worry, the government will protect you. Afraid to give your real name? You should be.
@ForQ2 You're nuts, go get a job.
@HatchetWounds Totally wrong dopey.
@JimmyDeVito  Thanks Jimmy.
Great investor John Paulson just sought bankruptcy protection for a unit of his hedge fund-very smart-but he didn't go bankrupt you morons!
The biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantage-Warren B, Icahn, Kravis and this week John Paulson-for haters!
@BuseyFoundation @THEGaryBusey Thanks Gary, it was great having you on the show, may your foundation spend the money well.
In your planning, know how much risk you can take. Evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk.
Looking forward to being guest of honor at @ralphreed's @FFCoalition Patriot Gala Dinner on June 14th in DC. Flag day and my birthday.
Memorial Day is a time to honor our nation's finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. God bless them all.
@TishaLewis Thanks.
@resplatt123 Thanks.
Let's see whether or not Chuck Townsend @CondeNastCorp is smart enough to fire Graydon Carter, who only cares about his bad food restaurants
Mrs. Goldberg, who filed the Chicago case many years ago, is a vicious and conniving woman--loved beating her.
Thank you for all of the positive response on my Chicago lawsuit victory yesterday. Most of you saw through the phony age card ploy.
@Triggerracing  That sounds great--a bad woman.
@RossWeidner Thank you! (I think)
@BenBradleyABC7  True!
@SusieBeatrice1 @leeboggs True, they are being decimated.
@richardroeper Yes, you can't allow people to scam you &amp; rip you off.
@ArkieLad In addition to ripping me off.
@paul1994loan Thanks.
@VanityFair Read this &amp; you will understand why Vanity Fair is going down the tubes.
@dietztrott Thanks--and great job, David--what a great evening.
@jgy777ph Thanks Joannah, they are sad and lost people.
I loved beating these two terrible human beings. I would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer, he is a total loser!
Jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co. Filed many years ago, she.and her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages
The so called 87 year old "lady" was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer.
It's important to remain open to new ideas and new information. Keep your door open every day to something innovative and energizing.
I very much appreciate all of the great reviews &amp; comments on my speech in Michigan--the people were great.
@Kenkelly08Kelly  Thanks, I had a great time.
@RealSonnyNewman  Pay attention and have fun.
@Pourquoipas20 Happy Birthday!
@SunnyJL52  True
Scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population (and more)
@MarkEaston777   Keep figthing, don't let the windfarms destroy your property and life!
@DJLoopsFruit  That's because I know him-he's a lowlife!
@tubby511   They are dummies!
@markwonderful   Sorry, Graydon Carter is a major loser, just ask his wife!
@RassilonsArmy Not even close dummy, he is strictly small time.
@mikepassmore   So true Mike.
@DawnieDeee   Hello Dawn.
Pervert Anthony Wiener will never be able to get away from his perversion-the cure rate is ZERO.
.@VanityFair could come back if Graydon Carter paid as much attention as he does to his bad food restaurants. @CondeNastCorp
If the great Si Newhouse were still running @CondeNastCorp, he would fire Graydon Carter immediately- circulation tanking.
. @Newsmax__Media is one of the top media outlets in the country. @ChrisRuddyNMX has revolutionized political commentary and reporting.
Jodi Arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for further deliberatuon.
Amazingly @AnthonyWeiner is going to run. The cure rate for his problem is 0. Lots of other things will come out.
Graydon Carter is laughing at the stupidity of Chuck Townsend on his contract renewal--- even he doesn't believe it! @CondeNastCorp
I can't believe @VanityFair would renew Graydon Carter's contract......
...... Circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants. @CondeNastCorp
The Lincoln Day Dinner last night in Michigan was fantastic. Record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm- I loved it!
@EMTgoneNUTZ    Thanks Tanja
One season ends and another starts.  Already casting for the next @ApprenticeNBC. Great news for charity--$13 million so far.
Very sad that Republican donors were targeted by Obama’s IRS.
Isn’t it amazing that Obama “never knew” about the IRS scandals until he saw it in the news?!
@JillToma  Hi Amy, see you soon.
@Van_in_DC @DannyZuker  Thanks Van--so true.
@christinefox02  See you later.
@dennisrodman @ApprenticeNBC Dennis--you were great--thanks!
Good timing: @TraceAdkins won big for American Red Cross last night on @ApprenticeNBC. Now the Red Cross is in Oklahoma doing a great job.
Because of the tornado tragedy I will not be doing @piersmorgan tonight. I wish everyone well!
@Nic_Keller @LilJon  Thanks.
@CassandraJ0y @LilJon  Thank you.
Everyone should go see @HatingBreitbart.  Great documentary showcasing @AndrewBreitbart’s legacy.
@dave_twit29  Thanks Dave.
@cous13  Thanks.
@Y0landaRiggins  Thanks.
@denicarter  Very nice Denise, thank you.
@Holly_Looya @divermam Ok. Ben--Congratulations on your graduation--and good luck!
@LilJon @AmDiabetesAssn  It was my honor, you're a great guy &amp; your mother would be very proud of you.
.@MELANIATRUMP, @IvankaTrump, @EricTrump, @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp; I  thank our loyal fans for another great season of @ApprenticeNBC!
@Itsyknowsbest Thanks!
@beverly_buck  Great, enjoy the hotel.
Will be doing Fox &amp; Friends at 7 A.M. It never ends (hopefully)!
I love that, in addition to everything else, so much money is raised for such great causes on Celebrity Apprentice-all proud of that!
Last night's live show was so much fun. Congrats to the entire cast, they are all winners!  From beginning over $13 million for charity.
@InaMaziarcz    Obama put up nothing, zilch!
Ivanka and Joan Rivers will be working hard tonight at the Live Finale - everybody must watch the OPENING at 9.
@subirchowdhury   How are you - $5.5 million (a bargain).
The cast for next season looks really good!
@RebaForever58   Yes.
Just left the set of The Apprentice - the live show tonight will be fantastic - and something very big and very different is going to happen
How badly will the Country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of Obama Care?
@leebandoni   Thanks Lee!
@Lord_Sugar  Much more than anybody knows dopey, much more - and it will soon be revealed in detail.
@ToddFouche1    On that I would beat almost everyone!
@GregE_IoM. Only in your weak mind!
@workplayeat   Thanks, only the haters disagree!
@CraigHeff   I don't, he makes me money!
Sugar is nowhere near being a billionaire-and I know, he works for me!
@sarahluvnyc   Thanks.
@Subhana_Anwar   It's easy, just think of haters as losers with.little imagination and even less understanding of success-and very lazy!
@carlyvowell   Tell your friends son - YOU'RE FIRED TUMOR!
@JedediahBila  Tell your aunt she is terrific!
@omegaphoenix068  Rather amazing, wasn't it!
I'm watching Knicks game-I'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad, too late!
Why didn't President Obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday - common sense! The two Marines looked very uncomfortable-&amp; wet.
The LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC is this Sunday at 9/8C. Watch and see who will be the first ever All-Star Celebrity Apprentice.
This Sunday’s LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC will be tough &amp; nasty. Be sure to watch @pennjillette &amp; @TraceAdkins fight to the finish!
The sexual abuse that is so rampant has, according to generals, greatly weakened our military. They have failed to stop it.
Just in—all efforts to stop sexual abuse in the military have totally failed—in fact, the stoppers have become the abusers.
.@NYMag is a piece of garbage but I think it is very nice &amp; charitable that they employ the no-talent illiterate hack @jonathanchait.
Congratulations to my friend @seanhannity on @hannityshow 1,000th show consecutively #1 in his time slot! Great going!
@CCV77   Thanks, very nice.
Celebrity Apprentice will be LIVE on Sunday at 9 PM (from New York City).Casting has already begun for next season.
In other words, our military has a very big problem!
Unfortunately with some men when the poison kicks in (not me of course) there are no rules or guidelines in the military that will stop them
I was never a fan of Bush 2 FOR MANY REASONS, including the fact that we should never have gone into Iraq but once there, kept the oil! DUMB
Our very stupidly run Country better stop being so "politically correct" or we won't have a Country to run anymore!
Many generals and military leaders are now saying "I told you so!"  They say this will have big impact on military strength &amp; national sec.
General says that the Armed Forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control.
Army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wife.What is going on?
America's top Army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet control.Forces greatly hurt!
@LCBeaudoin   Big Second Amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sicko's are fine.
@blakemharris   But they are the folks I like the best - by far!
@joeypiazza   Way less - and you are soooo stupid!
Looks like we will have a pervert running for mayor after all - just what New York City needs - and he will revert back to form, always do!
@chrishansen   Good to see you also - I will be watching!
@A_Beil   Thanks Andrew!
@DylMyr  Go for it.
@AnubisJudge  Happy Birthday!
“The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help.” – Pres. Ronald Reagan
Legendary Illusionist v. Country Music Star.  This Sunday’s LIVE Finale of @ApprenticeNBC is a historic matchup.  MUST SEE TV!
@Billingsley29  Do what you love, work hard, keep your focus and your momentum intact. Good luck!
@Corte74  It helped!
@BrianSpurr Not too many around!
@tbott22  Very true!
@donna_1004 Perhaps so!
@Janet_Carswell @samflaherty_  Thanks.
@MikeFromTN @mcuban @JeremyPage3011 Thanks Michael.
Obama &amp; his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it!
If these scandals happened before the election, Obama could not have won.
@Jared808 @commonguymd @AP True!
@sarah_bales1 True and thanks.
@Roddy_Brown Thanks!
@polotodd804  This is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries I have ever seen. Filmmaker Mike Tollin has zero talent.Also-boring
@A_Beil   Thanks Andrew.
I wonder what the next scandal will be in D.C.? Can we handle yet another?
The three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown!
The "lady" in Chicago that I'm fighting owes me $500, 000 and is sophisticated  &amp; vicious. She made up a story &amp; plays the "age card" - bad!
I totally respect that Angelina Jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger - she has really come a long and positive way!
@AndyBarovick   Really terrible and a sad day for our Country!
Not since Watergate have we been going thru a time like this--Benghazi, IRS, wiretapping of @AP...
“Circumstances are beyond human control, but our conduct is in our own power.” -- Benjamin Disraeli
This Sunday’s LIVE FINALE of @ApprenticeNBC puts @pennjillette against @TraceAdkins. Watch two great competitors battle to win!
32º in New York - it's freezing! Where the hell is global warming when you need it?
Benghazi. Obama lied. Our people died.
.@LilJon once again made it to the Final Four. A true talent and great friend to #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC. Great job!
.@lisarinna did amazing on #CelebApprentice @ApprenticeNBC.  Raising over $505K for @StJude, she made it to the Final Four.  Congrats Lisa.
“Never judge someone by their job title. You’d be surprised at the talents people can have.” – Midas Touch
@TigerWoods GREAT playing, you are the best!
@steveprecision1  Have fun #1.
I AM PLEASED TO INFORM YOU THAT CELEBRITY APPRENTICE HAS BEEN RENEWED FOR ANOTHER SEASON BY NBC. SEE YOU AT THE NBC UPFRONTS TOMORROW.
@leechsam   Thanks Sam, and it's doing great!
You will love Celebrity Apprentice tonight - 9 PM on NBC. Must watch from beginning - two early firings!
Two people fired very early on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live Finale. Don't get angry at me tonight!
@RoySchuhmacher   Thanks!
Watching @TigerWoods on NBC playing great golf. Tiger won The WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral this year. I love Tiger!
@PhilipMorrow  That would be great Philip!
@chris_l54    Thanks Chris - they know the real facts but don't choose to use them-very dishonest!
@QFiveFarms Thanks and true!
@persvanstrom   Based on your picture I can see why - you look lost and in need of a cheap lifeline.
@mikeluis93 Mark Cuban is a bully who is physically very soft and therefore should immediately stop wearing T shirts. No strength!
@Lord_Sugar can't hold a.candle to Donald.Trump - he is a laughing stock in Great Britain (but his show pays me lots of money, so I'm happy)
The success of Shark Tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of The Apprentice, one of the biggest hits in T.V. history.
@african11   But I love insulting people who don't have the goods but think they do!
The Apprentice, on the other hand, has been a MAJOR television hit, often times finishing #1. Even now, after 13 seasons, it wins its slot!
@mcuban is a short ball hitter who had a massive failure on television, The Benefactor. Now he is one of many on a modest ratings show, S T.
@BrianLynch @DurantRandy  Thanks, no wonder our Country is  in such trouble!
@LennyDopkin   I have not run it for many years, I sold it a long time ago (great deal, great timing). When I owned it, a top place!
@Patti0713   Thanks Patti.
@nieldi   @Lord Sugar can't get himself arrested-but at least he's making me money-keep begging Sugar you dog!
@MaxVayner  Your man, little Jon S(?) can't win, he's not smart enough or quick enough!
@caaataclysm   Little Jon Stewart(?) Is a pussy, he would be hopeless in a debate with me!
@MaxVayner Stewart (?) wouldn't have even a little chance in a debate with me. He's totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough!
@GuerrillaTycoon  Not even close - he is just, as you know, a very bad copy (who I profit from).
@chef_riggy  I never endorsed Judd - I'm with Senator Mitch all the way!
Just left Trump National Doral in Miami - under massive construction - The Blue Monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built!
Leightweight @Lord Sugar virtually begged my reps to have me stop mocking him. Every time this dope goes on Apprentice I make money-too easy
“It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.” - Albert Einstein
Whether you have someone managing your finances or you're doing it yourself, money, like anything, takes maintenance &amp; planning to grow.
@feksbaby Very nice, thanks!
@PennyStocksBlog You are 100% correct - thank you!
Dummy, I'm asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! Use your head.
.@limbaugh is right. Watergate is much different than Benghazi. No one died in Watergate.
I watched @todayshow this AM re: @MarthaStewart &amp; dating. She looks terrific, better than ever, any guy would be lucky to be with her.
“The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.” - Peter Drucker
Sadly, firing can be an essential and responsible business decision. It isn't pleasant, but lopping off a branch can save a tree.
A Warren Buffett corp. is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy. Likewise Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and many others have played the game.Thanks!
@MenaceSocietyUT   Little Jon Stewart(?) is getting his ass kicked and you and all of his high priced writers know it! Don't panic Jon.
@JeremyPage3011 Mark Cuban can't beat me at anything. He is one of many on Shark Tank and Apprentice has been a much, much bigger show!
Jodi thought she outsmarted the system - it didn't work!  Congratulations to the jury on a job well done!  Now, will it be life or death?
Man, we had a great day today at Trump Tower - lots of money was given to many people who really needed it - good feelings and happiness!
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault
What do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations?
“Never think of learning as a burden. It may require some discipline, but it prepares you for a new beginning.”– Think Like a Champion
We continue to lose our nation’s finest in Afghanistan almost daily. The Rules of Engagement are costing lives.
I just gave lots of money away at Trump Tower to people who needed it...they were very happy and appreciative!
It's go time! See you at Trump Tower. I'm giving money away! #FundAnything
@abaldwin31 Thanks.
People do not assume this but more than anything else, I like helping people. Be at Trump Tower at 11 AM today.
Residential Capital, a company in which Warren Buffett is involved, went bankrupt - but that doesn't mean that Warren Buffett went bankrupt!
I'm giving away money! 11AM Trump Tower. Be there or be left behind!
I would absolutely kill Jon Stewart(?) in a debate - it would be no contest - he's not fast enough or smart enough (only obnoxious enough!).
@SportsWalnuts   And Jon Stewart(?) is a very little man hiding behind lot's of high priced writers without which he would be nothing!
Just watched Jon Stewart(?) jumping up and down and screaming like a madman - nothing funny or smart, just loud and obnoxious, a pushy dope!
@valentino_jimmy   That's cool, I agree!
@RealSonnyNewman   Thanks Sonny!
@ChrisHarmsWI   Thanks Chris!
@BobKurlander   Thanks Bob, it is one of the best and will only get better-I will be spending lots of money this Summer!
Wow, I love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazy-the Generals were forced to do something they didn't want to do (not me).
Is it even slightly possible that Jodi Arias could be set free-wow, what a miscarriage of justice that would be!
The jury in the Jodi Arias trial is, believe it or not, still out. You never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense
The Generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically C!
26,000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men &amp; women together?
“Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.” -- Bruce Lee
Everyone join me tomorrow at 11 AM in Trump Tower atrium.
Trump @DoralResort’s renovations are on schedule.  With such a massive project underway, I am watching closely.
The economy is broken. Entrepreneurship is being suppressed. See what I do Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower atrium.
Tired of being bullied by the economy? I'm going to help people. Wednesday 11 AM at Trump Tower
Keep Wednesday morning free. You will want to see this!
26,000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last year-and that is just the number that is reported (many do not want to report).
Sexual assault and rape in the Armed Forces is a Massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret!
Head of Air Force's anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! It just seems that our Country is not what it used to be.
.@JoseCanseco, who I got to know very well during #CelebApprentice, can't carry @SHAQ's jock.
Benghazi was a massive cover up.
.@lisarinna is the last lady standing in All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Watch out men, she’s sharp and tough.
The Trump Organization is honored to be expanding our interests into Dubai. The golf course will be the top course in the Middle East.
.@TheRealMarilu was very impressive and is a great person. The All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC viewers loved her.
Enjoy Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - a really great episode!
When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity." JFK
Looking forward to being the guest of honor at @ralphreed's @FaithandFreedom Patriot's Award Gala Dinner in Washington, DC
Time magazine should name David Pecker of American Media to be its top guy...but they are not smart enough to do that!
As I’ve said many times before, Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow is highly overrated.
Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow is a total phony –he should cherish his past—not run from it.
If Jon Stewart is so above it all &amp; legit, why did he change his name from Jonathan Leibowitz? He should be proud of his heritage!
What’s funny about the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” -- it was not coined by Jon Leibowitz-- he stole it from some moron on twitter.
Amazing how the haters &amp; losers keep tweeting the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” like they are so original &amp; like no one else is doing it...
“Most people think small because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning” The Art of the Deal
It's crunch time. This Sunday's All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC's task will separate the winners from the losers.
@roysj   Unlike you, stupid, I became a big stock market investor a couple of years ago because the dollar is going to hell &amp; false low int.
“Always get even. When you are in business, you need to get even with people who screw you.” – Think Big
“How much money can you stand to lose? That’s how much risk you should assume.” –   Think Like a Billionaire
Turn to QVC now to watch Melania - really good stuff!
Why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent Americans?
Our trade deficit is still on pace to be over $500B.  This is killing our manufacturing sector and sending jobs overseas.
Call @MELANIATRUMP today on @QVC  at 5 PM EST, say hello, and buy buy buy!
My wife, Melania, will be on @QVC today @ 5 PM selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price. Perfect for Mother’s Day—call in!
@nikkio  True!
@marie_marshallx @ApprenticeNBC  Thanks.
@miamarrazza Work really hard &amp; think smart!
@adb1707 @TrumpTowerNY @THEGaryBusey Good point!
With Boston terrorist cell widening in suspects, it's now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the Miranda warning so early.
. @chrislhayes replaced @edshow on @msnbc to increase ratings. It’s a shame Chris’ are even worse. Sad to see.
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC is down to the five final contestants.  Getting fired now is when it really hurts!
Jodi, if you're listening, MAKE A DEAL!
Jodi should try but the Govt. should not make a deal - no jury could be dumb enough to let her off (but you never know, look at OJ &amp; others)
Jodi Arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so I really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly, she is as guilty as it gets
@salefisher - Jordan is great!
@hdiallo   Why do you follow me creepy stalker?
@JohnQuinsay   When you get bored with others, you'll be back (and don't hurry).
@AxlRose1996   Stephen, that's right...and someone who is really smart!
@PatrickMendezNV   Great idea - did you see their list, a joke!
Just took a look at Time Magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! The sad end is coming-just like Newsweek!
@Drake4444444    I never knew but thanks for the compliment!
@Neviah_M  A totally one sided documentary. Why weren't the police, detectives and prosecutors interviewed? City should not settle this case
@CraigSJ   Why did they all sign confessions and how many people did they mugg that night in the Park? What about their criminal records?
“Don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back.” – Babe Ruth
Oil should not cost more than $40 a barrel.  Ideally it should be $25.  Cheap to produce and we protect the OPEC countries.
ObamaCare is a disaster. Americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services.
Upstate New York is suffering with record unemployment. Fracking is the answer. Frack now and Frack fast!
Wow, I just found out that in a major poll of its readers the @NewYorkObserver  voted me #1 on the "power 100" list in NY......
....... I disagree, but it's still cool.
Snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of Country. Global warming specialists better start thinking fast!
Money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a house-but be sure to lock in long term financing (without which don't buy).
Housing prices are up in Feb over last Feb 9.3 per cent -remember, I told everyone two years ago to buy (but they will be going much higher)
@naunie_b       sarcasm dummy!
@Stiles_Dub   @LilJon is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all!
Once again @LilJon has competed at a very high level on Celebrity All Star @ApprenticeNBC. He is a great competitor.
Congratulations to Michael Jordan on his marriage over the weekend.
.@Lawrence is the poor man's left wing @oreillyfactor(with no ratings)!
@Colvio117  Thanks!
@DannyZuker  Night loser!
@JonNeumeister     Dopey, I've won them all.
@ShawnGarrett   I should have many Emmys for The Apprentice if the process were fair-in any event, it's not my day job.                    ,
@realDonaldTrump   Windfarms destroy everything around them-very sad!
@mtshastacola   Happy birthday!
@IvanGH   Great taste!
@OMGguy18    Wrong, screen is too small-Samsung size is better.
@VincentYanni   I agree, Modern Family sucks!
@FakeBriWilliams   Thank you!
@DanielRobinsMD.   @Lawrence is a very dumb guy who just doesn't know it-his show is a critical and ratings disaster!
Afghan Leader Karzai has received tens of millions of dollars IN CASH from the U.S. Government- how stupidly is our Country being run?
By Scotland officials canceling my local ad about how damaging wind turbines are- it became a much bigger story around the world. Great!
@SiegristA  Thanks!
@harry_vickers @DannyZuker @ApprenticeNBC Thanks!
@richardroeper Keep dreaming!
I just sent @THEGaryBusey a check of $20,000 for his charity, Children's Kawasaki Disease . He worked hard and deserves it.
.@DannyZuker Don't lie, @ApprenticeNBC was #1 in all major demos at 10. Do not lie!
.@DannyZuker I'm in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture, you'll never be in front of the camera!
‏.@richardroeper- Perhaps one of the worst replacements in showbiz, once you went on it was over! Your taste sucks!
.@ApprenticeNBC  Season 13, still #1 at 10PM in all key demos despite having to serve as our own lead in from 9-10. 11PM News loves Trump!
.... but you only want to talk about 10 years later when I still win 10PM in all key demos.
@DannyZuker
.@DannyZuker I hear your filmography is "stacked" with failures.
“Failed show @DannyZuker” I have never heard of you and was told you are a loser-after reading your credits I have no questions about it!
Just out- @ApprenticeNBC was in first place in all demos during the 10PM hour in the ratings.
Doing Fox and Friends at 7.00 A.M.  Hope you loved Apprentice last night.
Did you agree with my decision? #CelebApprentice
Mechanical dog is going to be trending tonight. #MechanicalDog #CelebApprentice
Great boardroom. #CelebApprentice
Do you agree with the client's decision? #CelebApprentice
Maybe @THEGaryBusey should stick to words... vs. barking. He’s got a definite talent when he wants to use it. #CelebApprentice
Great memory @TheRealMarilu! #CelebApprentice
Boardroom time- which team do you think had the best presentation? #CelebApprentice
What did you think of @THEGaryBusey's mechanical dog idea?
Team Power+@LilJon= Spielberg?  Let’s find out. #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump is right—Plan B has descended into a state of total chaos. #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins says @Joan_Rivers is a gem. I agree. We all agree. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey feels he’s been abandoned by his team. Do you think so? #CelebApprentice
Looks like Plan B is stuck with the mechanical dog. @THEGaryBusey has latched on and won’t let go. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey doesn’t need instructions. Couch time is more fun. #CelebApprentice
Do you think @THEGaryBusey will be able to “step up” as PM?  I know @lisarinna is hoping so. #CelebApprentice
Here’s @Joan_Rivers. She &amp; @IvankaTrump make a terrific team as my advisors. #CelebApprentice
We have the Final Six—and @LilJon is the last remaining member of Team Power. He’s done a great job. #CelebApprentice
@WIBWAriana    9?.  Thanks.
@Core15   Thanks.
@Joan Rivers comes back in a big way tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - she is fantastic.  9 on NBC.
@DBradleyRI   You are a great looking guy who is really smart - you can do much better than your current girlfriend - she's nothing!
I remember when the Apprentice became the number one show on T.V. @tombrokow came up to me and thanked me on behalf of NBC  (Yankee Stadium)
Marble mouth @tombrokaw asks "why do we think to have a successful eveving you have to have Donald Trump as your guest of honor?" BORING TOM
Thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts, ties and suits at Macy's. They do great because of really high quality at a low price.
@Anon_Farmer @PeaceLibLady   Not me, I predicted the housing bubble and told people not to buy.  I now tell people it is a great time to buy
The Time Magazine list of the 100 Most Influential People is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will, like Newsweek,soon be dead. Bad list!
@dogs4peace Very cool!
@masotam   Police records, signed confessions and more?
What apology, didn't they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them? Why did they all confess? Aren't police convinced?
@DanScavino Dan-You are a great guy with a great family-amazing future!
@gretawire-I'll be doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 P.M. Greta is a Terrific person who really gets it!  (FOX).
@JimDaniell30809 @DaveCentrist True!
@Katietennis1223 Thanks, everyone loves it.
@LetsBeckRush A one-sided piece of garbage--and I won--big success for Scotland!
@piano807 Wow!
@HRdiva_NY Thanks.
@AndreasBoos Very true!
@loverofthecross I don't hate him but he made some really bad decisions.
@Mbathani_Inc Much can be done and it would be easy!
@alan_ashe No, they have no guts.
@Nautilus916 True!
“Being true to yourself and your work is an asset. Remember that assets are worth protecting.” – Think Like a Champion
Ignorance is inexcusable; it’s the surest way to fail. No acceptable reason exists for not being well informed.
This Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC features the return of @Joan_Rivers.  Sunday at 9 PM on @NBC--full 2 hours.
“When you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen.” - J. P. Morgan
Often times being ‘innovative’ is simply putting together pre-existing elements into something new. Be resourceful &amp; expect success.
Get ready for fireworks…@Joan_Rivers &amp; @THEGaryBusey face off in the Board Room this Sunday on All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC.
Does Bush’s library have a wing featuring Supreme Court Justice Jon Robert’s ObamaCare ruling? Roberts was his prize appointee!
The Boston terrorist thugs’ mother is also a radical.  I am sure she will be granted citizenship shortly.
Study your area of business. All business involves risk, but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what you’re doing.
Can @pennjillette @lisarinna and @THEGaryBusey continue to co-exist? Find out on this Sunday’s Celebrity All-Star @ApprenticeNBC.
To be in charge, you have to take responsibility, you have to instill confidence. It’s like being a conductor--set the tempo.
@frankibe I certainly did--in spades.
@afolasoji So true.
@DbagsLoveMe I will, thanks!
We need another Bush in office about as much as we need Obama to have a 3rd term.  No more Bushes!
After tearing W Bush down for 12 years, now the media loves him. Why not? He gave them Obama.
Pervert Alert! Serial sexter @anthonyweiner has promised to use twitter as a “tool.” Parents,make sure your children have him blocked.
Weiner says many more pictures may be out there—this is just what NYC needs, a pervert Mayor.
@mschrock4 I never went bankrupt, you dope!
@Abtheproducer Maybe Obama?
Wow, I’m at 2,200,000  followers but I’d love to get rid of the haters &amp; losers—they’re such a waste of time!
@Ashley33331 True, but the losers don't know that--thanks.
@Debonairo That is true!
@HowardSternJohn @DonaldJTrumpJr  No!
@thebageldogs @frankshow @kristinaoakes Thanks--the haters &amp; losers know that too.
...What is wrong with this story? Isn’t this just ridiculous? Terrible! #KathyBoudin
..and now holds an adjunct professorship at Columbia University. Boudin also received an academic laurel from NYU Law School...
Former Weather Underground radical Kathy Boudin spent 22 yrs in prison for armored-car robbery that killed 2 cops &amp; a Brinks guard...
@GauravK725   Thanks.
@DurantRandy   Thanks.
@pokerswayne  Wrong on all counts dopey-you forgot to say taller than me!
@TheSportsSwede You are so stupid!
@daytradersfx  That is true.
@TatorJuice   Wow, so nice! Thanks, I wish I could have met him.
@HayJayP26   Work hard!
.@VattenfallGroup doesn’t have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in Aberdeen.
.@VattenfallGroup  had no answers at demonstration last night. It’s a failing company. Aberdeen windmills will destroy it.
The sub-station in Blackdog is very dangerous on unregulated landfill—fire hazard! @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
The Council is concerned over the health &amp; safety for the village of Blackdog w/ placement of sub-station. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
The Council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in Blackdog. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
The entire village of Blackdog in Scotland protested to the Council last night about the ugly windmills. @AlexSalmond @pressjournal
@Chadillac107 True and thanks!
“The aesthetic, the quality, has to be carried all the way through.”  - Steve Jobs
I believe Lance Armstrong had death wish when he did interview w/Oprah—as I predicted, everybody is suing him, he’ll have nothing left
@Tokodi1  See Trump Tower!
@DPMurphy93 That's true--they all ask!
By rejecting my ad on ugly windmills &amp; @AlexSalmond’s faulty thinking on the “Lockerbie bomber” the ad is now on worldwide newscasts.
Watch out. Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the Boardroom as a judge in this week’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Don't cross her!
Can someone explain to me how a Chechnyan permanent resident non-citizen in our country is planning Jihad while on welfare?
Sen. @MaxBaucus has announced his retirement. A major proponent of ObamaCare, Baucus now says it’s a ‘huge train wreck.’
The Boston killer applying today for ObamaCare. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental?
As everybody knows, but the haters &amp; losers refuse to acknowledge, I do not wear a “wig.” My hair may not be perfect but it’s mine.
I promise you that I'm much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz - I mean Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow. Who, by the way, is totally overrated.
@PhilStephen The Scotland golf course in Aberdeen is open &amp; packed—really cool to see &amp; many are saying the greatest golf course ever built.
The mother of the Boston killers (not suspects) says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-I can see the 14 year long defense now!
Lance Armstrong just got sued by the Federal Government-they want their money back-I told you so! What was he thinking when he did that int?
Scotland does not have free press, even when you are just stating the facts-it's crazy!
@ruralbeeffarmer   Big pollution during manufacturing and building process!
@RamboFo  Great!
@RebeccaErin_   They were viciously attacking other people in the Park-nice guys?
I have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do!
@DoroMundo   Thanks!
The Central Park Five documentary  was a one sided piece of garbage that didn't explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park
@bitchforshort  Victim never died so they would not have been given death penalty-but did you see what these "innocent" boys were doing?
@GerhardM_com   Perhaps, but the Country is in really big trouble!  I do love real estate though (and am seriously good at it).
@GinaCHaley   They devalue everything, stupid!
@penguin_rob  like ugly, bird killing wind turbines!
The Chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don't clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours!
Wrong, used to be called global warming and when that name didn't work, they deftly changed it to climate change-because it's freezing!
@HelmJoshua   Wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home. Lot's of chicken soup however-bird kill.
@jon_fullerton   No, the Chinese will make them!
North Carolina’s most exclusive club, @Trump_Charlotte’s features @SharkGregNorman designed golf course, which fronts the biggest lake in NC
Will @anthonyweiner be fully clothed in his mayoral ads?
Sexting Pervert @anthonyweiner has returned to twitter. Parents of all underage girls should BLOCK him immediately!
Did the Boston terrorists register their guns? No. Another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer!
.@AlexSalmond, don’t worry, my ad will be shown across the world--and it is highly accurate!
This past Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continued to win the key demographic of adults 25-54. An amazing run!
I’ve always been a fan of Steve Jobs, especially after watching Apple stock collapse w/out him – but the yacht he built is truly ugly.
It’s freezing in New York—where the hell is global warming?
“The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.” - Gen. George S. Patton
In three years people won’t be building wind turbines anymore - they are obsolete &amp; totally destroy the environment in which they sit.
@jamezypell   Yes!
“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” - Winston Churchill
If your enemies end up liking you it’s because they beat you.  You want their respect, not their friendship.
Next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the Boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture.
Will Barack Obama personally read the Boston terrorist his Miranda Rights?
@MarkkCole  Happy Birthday Mark.
.@THEGaryBusey survives another week of All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Gary is shifty and playing to win.
In light of Boston, immigration legislation will be much harder to get.
@pjkorman @ClutchBa11er Great wife!
@willowfrantn @BelmontUniv Great!
.@BrandenRoderick did a great job on All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC.  Raised a lot of money for charity while looking great.
The Boston killer will soon be asking for a Presidential pardon—don’t give it to him, Mr. President—hang tough!
The big problem for little @MacMiller is that he’s going to have to have another hit song, not just his Donald Trump bonanza.
.@MacMiller has over 79M hits on YouTube &amp; just hit platinum with his Donald Trump song—screw you Mac!
@TheNordicBroad Thank you.
@jaypeemoney Los Angeles or Scotland!
@Leigh26Heather Savannah, work hard in school!
Me, by a lot!
Will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. (in 20 minutes).
@jbailey1987   Yes we can oh foolish one, terrorists should not have the right to remain silent!
My ties and shirts are doing very big numbers @Macy's, beyond my wildest thoughts! Thanks @GoAngelo and the rest of the losers for mentions!
What did you think of the boardroom? #CelebApprentice
George also appeared on Saturday Night Live when I was guest host in 2004. A great time! #CelebApprentice
George Ross and I have done some great real estate deals together. He’s a tough negotiator. #CelebApprentice
Looking forward to @THEGaryBusey's book of "Buseyisms"!
Romance or Adventure- what do you prefer? #CelebApprentice
For you newcomers, George Ross was one of my first advisors on the original Apprentice. #CelebApprentice
“George has a real twinkle about him” says @TheRealMarilu. Really? The shark should be scared. #CelebApprentice
This assignment has been a challenge to both teams. #CelebApprentice
This assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas of @lisarinna and @pennjillette. #CelebApprentice
George Ross could be right—@THEGaryBusey would be better in the adventure task than the romance task. #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins isn’t excited about their ideas. Are you? #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey is making no attempt to help. Is he in BuseyLand? Their team is short on help already… #CelebApprentice
How stressed are @lisarinna and @pennjillette already? #CelebApprentice
I hope you are watching the Apprentice...tonight's show is great and Brett Michaels is back!
Everybody loves @bretmichaels! He’s a great champion and this is where he should be. He agrees!
.@bretmichaels and George Ross are back as advisors. Good to see them! #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins presents the NJ Coast Red Cross a $40,000 check for Sandy Relief. You can tell he’s very pleased about that--&amp; rightly so.
Seems like the teams are surprised when @THEGaryBusey comes back. #CelebApprentice
What do you think of water boarding the Boston killer sometime prior to allowing our doctors to make him well? I suspect he may talk!
Make the Boston killer talk before our doctors make him better. Once he is well he will say, "speak to my lawyers."
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9pm...you will love it!
I don't know how Al Michaels could have been drunk and arrested on Friday night if he was totally sharp on Saturday morning.
Great sportscaster Al Michaels, a friend of mine, played golf with me on Saturday morning at Trump National, LA. He was in perfect shape!
If the Boston killer applies for Obama Care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand!
NO MERCY TO TERRORISTS you dumb bastards!
Can you imagine the Boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms, legs and worse!
Bullshit-Pop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money (split between brothers and sisters) and I built it into over 9 bill.
@CoachClintSwan  Tell me, what were they doing in the Park, playing checkers?
Watch Gary B tonight on Celebrity Apprentice-some really crazy things happen!
Getting back to the nicer and more normal parts of life, Celebrity Apprentice is great tonight on NBC at 9. It will be a full two hour show!
@NextLevelStoner   Great!
You are right, the media is always offending Donald Trump-they have no limits-but they will do anything not to offend the Boston killer!
I know some of you may think l'm tough and harsh but actually I'm a very compassionate person (with a very high IQ) with strong common sense
Didn't the Boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away?  We are not dealing with an innocent baby here-DEATH
When the stupid people start feeling sorry for the Boston killer and want to release him and give him medals, remember the killings-maimings
I hate when the news media, so afraid to offend anyone, always refers to the BOSTON KILLER as "the suspect".
The shirts and ties at Macy's are so good-beautiful and do so well that guys like the one that sued me wrongly want a piece-l kicked his ass
I just won a big Court decision (N.Y. Post) against some character who claimed I owed him licensing fees on success of my shirts and ties.
Oh no, they are worried that they didn't read the Boston killer his rights and he may have a good legal argument. 12 year case to finish?  t
@PierceCorey   Great going!
Sorry,  the best and most beautiful ties and shirts made anywhere and at a really reasonable cost. Also, fragrance is amazing. GO TO MACY'S.
@Lumberportal  That's great!
@cjdew67  Thanks!
Great job by the FBI, Boston Police and all others involved-start the trial tonight!
Is the Boston killer eligible for Obama Care to bring him back to health?
Read my tweets you dopes-of course he should get a trial-but fast (not a 12 year disaster).
You must be kidding-zero chance he is innocent!
Get ALL the info,  then quick trial, then death penalty for the Boston killer of innocent children and people! Do not be kind.
.@CNN should stop apologizing for the mistake they made the other day &amp; get back to reporting!
@MarlboroStan You've got it mixed up.  Chechnya is not the Czech Republic.
Lots of comments—Do you really believe these two brothers operated alone without influence of others?
The @FBIPressOffice, police &amp; others are doing an amazing job. How genius was it putting together that tape?
These Tsarnaev brothers did not work alone. They had help and assistance from other cell members. Be vigilant and on the lookout.
South African Tourism North America will unveil its new ad campaign “What’s Your BIG 5?” on All-Star @ApprenticeNBC this Sunday.
Being tough doesn’t mean being nasty, difficult, or unreasonable. It means being tenacious and refusing to give in or give up.
“Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities.” – Think Like A Champion
Pervert alert! Sexter Anthony Weiner will be running for Mayor of New York City.
@ace_stef Great, thanks.
@Gabagul_ Hi Dan and good luck!
@aclutter51  We need someone!
@camarrone Great!
“One reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people.” – Midas Touch
The reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies.  And as we have learned from ObamaCare, Washington only makes things worse!
@lanele123 Thank you.
@UnitedContractF  Interesting and true.
Thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life.
Druggie A-Rod, @MLB’s biggest fraud, is lucky George Steinbrenner is no longer with us.  @Yankees would have voided his contract.
@GauravK725  Great!
@blake1swanson Thanks.
It is terrible that neither Obama, Biden nor Kerry attended Lady Thatcher’s funeral. They would all run to Muslim Brotherhood Morsi’s.
Business is easy. Dealing with people is hard. If you are an entrepreneur, your most important job is to choose who works with you.
The Chinese must still be laughing at Kerry’s trip to China.  He got nothing, gave them everything and promised even more.
Had a fantastic time at yesterday’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC press conference with @StephenBaldwin7 in @TrumpTowerNY.
@KathyLooper Thanks.
Great to see @RedSox win big yesterday. Good for Boston and the country. Yesterday we were all @RedSox fans.
@Y0itsbeau Well, I would make America great again.
@handyrachet Flattery!
@puffy61 @Real_LukasHall Thanks.
@dandeloof @mcuban Wrong--he started it, I finished it!
@MusicByEthan Thank you.
@LUSHPILLAI @TrumpLasVegas Thanks.
@LarryRobertWyat Our country needs a negotiator--we are failing fast!
@BeaumontAnthony Thanks.
@ccade937 Thank you.
@DannyOjedaOKC  Thanks.
@lesterwge  Thank you.
I sure hope the sexting pervert Anthony Weiner runs for mayor.  Will be great fun watching him both lose and be humiliated.
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible, and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from.
.@alexsalmond  RT @islandbluenose 
You'll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. Good Luck.
@adamjackson73  Yes.
The world economy is under deep stress with growth slowing everywhere.  Yet crude is over $87/barrel. Should be $25 at the most.
Congratulations to @Boston_Police, @FBIBoston &amp; all emergency first responders &amp; doctors for their excellent work under fire yesterday
@AscotCarRental  I know Adam--he's a great player &amp; great guy!
It’s very sad that the administration isn’t sending anyone to Margaret Thatcher’s funeral. She was a big U.S. supporter.
@Yazzeruk Very nice--thanks.
@terryvanburen @TheRealMarilu @ApprenticeNBC .@TheRealMarilu 
will be happy--she's also a great person.
@oparinde Macy's will be happy--and so am I.
@mrmikeyharrison You will love it!
@emilyplacido @foxandfriends @IvankaTrump Thanks.
@sonoman24 @stephenbaldwin @ApprenticeNBC  I was not thrilled but left them in because the show is real.
I’ve known @hardball_chris for a long time &amp; sadly, he gets dumber each &amp; every year--&amp; started from a very low base.
.@hardball_chris  Did you forget about Bill Ayers &amp; so many others? You should apologize to all the people you offended yesterday.
.@hardball_chris must have the lowest IQ on television—now telling people that domestic terrorists are from the right.
We must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts (Boston) with harsh punishment!
My heart goes out to the people of Boston on this terrible day!
.@TheRealMarilu is impressing the All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC viewers with her continued success on Team Power.
Despite firing @StephenBaldwin7 in last night's All Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC, Stephen had strong overall performance this season
From 10-11 pm, @ApprenticeNBC ranks #1 in 18-49 among ABC,CBS, and NBC. #CelebApprentice
Will be doing Fox and Friends in two minutes!
Do you think I made the right decision? #CelebApprentice
Who do you think is going home? #CelebApprentice
Product integration is very important. #CelebApprentice
I’m impressed -- both teams have produced very entertaining silent films. #CelebApprentice
Great shots of @TrumpTowerNY #CelebApprentice
Do you know how many years @TheRealMarilu starred on Taxi? #CelebApprentice
What is your favorite @THEGaryBusey film? Tonight's short film? Point Break? Lethal Weapon? #CelebApprentice
It's boardroom time! Does anyone miss @OMAROSA? #CelebApprentice
.@PennJillette and @StephenBaldwin7's arguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom. #CelebApprentice
Based on the shoots- which silent film do you think will be better? #CelebApprentice
.@pennjillette doesn’t like @StephenBaldwin7’s cliché line and Stephen says Penn creeps him out. Do we sense conflict yet? #CelebApprentice
What would you choose- Vampires or Cavemen? #CelebApprentice
“A vampire with a day pass?”  We are in @THEGaryBusey land. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey as Project Manager... is Team Power in trouble?? #CelebApprentice
It’s true—@dennisrodman gets the comeback of the year award. I didn’t like having to fire him. #CelebApprentice
A lot of comments re @MELANIATRUMP vs. Milania last week. I think spelling has taken on a new significance. #CelebApprentice
Get ready to turn to NBC for CELEBRITY APPRENTICE -- TONIGHT'S SHOW IS GREAT!
@adamscott - I am really proud of you Adam - I'll see you soon at Trump National Doral!
Great job @AdamScott - you deserve it!
Make sure to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at  9 on NBC. A GREAT SHOW, JUST LIKE THE MASTERS.   9
@AdamScott is a great guy and player!
@tjwacker. Good luck!
Remember, save your evening to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 - increased to a full two hours - great episode - watch Gary B.
South Korea must in some form pay for our help-the U.S. must stop being stupid!
China will extract much from Secretary Kerry and the U:S. in order for them to help us with the North Korea problem-don't let this happen!
Did A Rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re. drugs - wow, that would be the end, a disaster!
@VeIvetRose  Also true!
Remember, NBC increased Celebrity Apprentice to 2 hours starting this Sunday night at 9 P.M. through end of season-great news for App lovers
Bad break for @TigerWoods-hits a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the water-gets a bogey on hole with another great shot-Champ!
What a shame that Kobe Bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the Lakers back from oblivion this year!
Ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from China a one stroke penalty for slow play at The Masters(see, I can stick up for China)
I am on David Letterman tonight.
@bakerjb19 China will only rule if we let them--or are stupid.
@MannaaEyad I only speak the truth.
Our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control--&amp; that one's not even close!
@LanaH11 @IvankaTrump Thanks.
@dabg3241 Turbines will kill more birds than hunters.
@truckncargirl @piersmorgan True!
@MisterEspinal Thanks, very nice.
@RobertMcCallis3 @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @BBCNews @DanScavino  Turbines destroy environments and people.
@Faithable @DanScavino True.
Remember to take time this weekend to relax and regroup. It will pay major dividends for the next week.
My performance from last week on David Letterman @Late_Show will be re-aired tonight at 11:35 PM on CBS.
Always remember that as your success grows, you will be asked for more favors. Learn how to say ‘No.’ It is critical.
“Be up front and direct with people, and they will return the favor.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Where is the President?  It is time for him to come on TV and show strength against the repeated threats from North Korea -- and others.
The only American who has met with the North Korean man child is Dennis Rodman.  Isn’t that frightening and sad?
China controls North Korea. So now besides cyber hacking us all day, they are using the Norks to taunt us.  China is a major threat.
All eyes are on @TigerWoods @The_Masters.  He’s in good position!
.@alexsalmond RT @King_Pepp  Driving through Indiana and seeing tons of ugly windmills. Now I know what @realDonaldTrump is talking about
.@nbc has increased @ApprenticeNBC to 2 hours until the end of the season--full 2 hour episodes starting at 9 PM EST
Don't talk to me about Bush, I was never a defender or a fan!
I can't believe we are not asking South Korea for anything. They make a fortune on us while we spend a fortune defending them-how stupid!
@ryanrockefelker Thank you.
@AhmedMallick2 @WWE  Thanks.
@_AJPerez @WWE @VinceMcMahon I hope so!
@rodmonium91 Probably Mark.
“Interested is interesting. If you remember that simple rule, you will have no trouble making conversation.”- Think Like a Billionaire
Mr. President, it is time to lead on the Korean crisis.  Make a statement from the Rose Garden and send a strong message to the man child!
The time has come. THEGaryBusey will be project mgr on this Sunday's All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. MUST SEE TV!!! Back to 2 hrs.
.@Jimmyv3  @WWE Greatly appreciate your nice words re WrestleMania. That’s why you are such a respected writer.
I really liked everyone at the @WWE Hall of Fame ceremony--fantastic people!
Congratulations to @nyknicks on winning their first Atlantic Division title since 1994. @carmeloanthony is a great New Yorker and Knick!
Congratulations to @IvankaTrump and Jared on the big news.  I will have yet another grandchild this fall!
Opportunities only present themselves if you are out there looking for them.  Be aggressive and seize them when they come.
“Go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you.” – Think Big
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal  RT @rdowns @realdonaldtrump Margaret Thatcher NEVER would have allowed those wind mill monstrosities.
@BklynBorn71 @dvorlando  Wonderful news, thanks.
@UKWildcatFan96 True!
@SyxxPac1980 @cherish_how  Thanks.
@Bogart_Ron True!
@DohaBen I will be there soon!
@MdAhGOD Not much, it's too easy!
I feel so badly for Mark Cuban-the Dallas Mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed. Very sad!
@JTHolder2010  Great!
@RealDougClark  Great!
@maggieaveu_a  Thanks and say hi to your son!
@_CASSmoney_  Thanks!
“You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb.” - Andrew Carnegie
.@Yankees Kevin Youkilis is off to a terrific start. He’s less than half the price and a much better player than a drug free A-Rod.
Sexual pervert Anthony Weiner has zero business holding public office.
“Success breeds success. The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire
The $200M renovations at Trump @DoralResort are right on target.  When completed, the course will be as good as it gets.
@AlxG21  Thank you!
@DanSt_Schwind Thanks--and good luck.
@SandeepSrih @TrumpChicago   Thanks!
@RogerBiles @EricLahti929 @nbc   Thanks!
I hope everyone (especially the haters and losers) goes to Macy's today and buys some DJT ties, shirts and suits-and SUCCESS Fragrance-love!
Sorry losers and haters, but I LOVED the great energy in Madison Square Garden during my speech. The WWE thought it was incredible - it was!
Why did Vince and the WWE give my speech and segment the most time last night on USA Network - because that's what people want to see!
@BrosHoban  Thanks!
@riggs_deb
@Brian_Legit
@emmyb96 @TheEllenShow
@StephenHCornell
@VirginiaDG @bjjsoulroller
@thefarfar
Yea, NBC has increased all remaining Celebrity Apprentice episodes to two hours starting at 9 P.M. on Sunday!  Amazing show.
“"Pennies don't fall from heaven, they have to be earned here on earth." – PM Margaret Thatcher (October, 13 1925 – April, 8 2013)
It’s Tuesday, how much has China stolen from us today through cyber espionage?
@Red_Head_Ed @JoseCanseco @thejbrain Thanks Eddie I really appreciate your nice words!
@thejbrain Thanks!
I just left @trumpwinery in Charlottesville,Virginia --- it is the finest in the country--- really incredible!
Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt, know you can deal with it. Fear is the opposite of faith.
Think positively. There are always opportunities. Keep your focus and don't give up!
The new reality. ‘China Daily’ is sold in street newspaper vending machines across DC. Why not? They own the place.
Margaret Thatcher was the Iron Lady of the West. She promoted freedom &amp; democracy---a great leader &amp; ally of America.
I am very impressed by @dennisrodman. His return to this season’s @ApprenticeNBC  showed who Dennis really is--which is very good.
Thanks @WWE--@VinceMcMahon is an amazing guy.
.@MELANIATRUMP just finished being on @theviewtv--by any standard, she was great!
@angie_ncislover  Have a happy one!
.@melaniatrump will be on @theviewtv today at 11am ET discussing @apprenticenbc #celebapprentice &amp; her  skin care collection. Tune in!
I’m a star maker- Adrian has continued to receive many fans in @TrumpTowerNY and @AmandaTMiller is definitely on the map! #CelebApprentice
The boardroom and @WrestleMania- I'm watching great entertainment tonight! #CelebApprentice
What do you think so far? #CelebApprentice
It appears that @THEGaryBusey is entranced with @MELANIATRUMP- and rightly so! #CelebApprentice
.@pennjillette and @dennisrodman as PM’s- I’m proud of Dennis and his performance this season. #CelebApprentice
The #CelebApprentice post @OMAROSA. Will it ever be the same?
My wife, the beautiful @MELANIATRUMP will be appearing… #CelebApprentice
I’m at @WrestleMania tonight but will be doing a few tweets. I know the episode well.... #CelebApprentice
Dennis Rodman is a project manager tonight on Celebrity Apprentice - watch Dennis in full action!
@ApprenticeNBC is great tonight and stars the legendary beauty @MELANIATRUMP who reveals her great skin care collection. @lordandtaylor
: @realDonaldTrump @HelpUServe When we have people eating out of trash cans in this country, we have no business helping any other country"
Starting next week, and by popular demand (plus good ratings) NBC will broadcast only two hour episodes of Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.
Celebrity Apprentice is rebroadcasting last weeks episode at 9 P.M. WITH A GREAT NEW EPISODE FEATURING @MELANIA TRUMP AT 10 P.M. - AMAZING!
My induction last night at Madison Square Garden into the WWE Hall of Fame was amazing-I met some great people, including Bruno.
True, America is rapidly losing it's SPIRIT, and when that's gone, we will only be going in one direction - and that direction is down!
China is pushing North Korea!
When is South Korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the North?
Our President must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in North Korea. At some point we may have to get very tough-blatant threats
@BillLMU Lili will call you - thanks and good luck!
I'm getting ready to be inducted tonight into the WWE Hall of Fame at Madison Square Garden - a great honor for me and the Trump family!
@RicardoHernanG  Great going Ricardo!
I am doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren at 10 P.M. on Fox. We will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest!
@keiththoms @ApprenticeNBC Original schedule but going back to two hours.
@JordanKnoxville @ApprenticeNBC Starting next week the show increases to 2 hours.
@GAPools Either is great.
@PhilipMyrer Wow!
@OurColorado @emilyhoms Thank you.
@blazey53 Great, good luck.
@ckmagic32  Thanks Mark.
I will be On The Record with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
@__Mickey_Mouse Thanks Basil.
@Brn2ShpFrcd2Wrk  Okay--hi Maria!
@BuzzFeedPSA @Lood800  Four.
@trentnanny09 Thanks Traci. Hi to your son.
“The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.” - Laurence J. Peter
Sunday night at 9 PM EST will be re-run of last week's episode of Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC, followed by new episode at 10 PM.
This Sunday’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC has the most beautiful boardroom judges ever w/ @IvankaTrump &amp; @MELANIATRUMP together!
Only 88,000 jobs were added this past March. Prediction was 190,000. Businesses can’t expand with Obama Care &amp; high taxes on horizon.
...Who says the death penalty is not a deterrent?
James Holmes, the Aurora, Colorado guy who killed 12 people &amp; injured 58 others, is fighting hard to avoid the death penalty...
Tell me, which is “cooler”—my induction into the @WWE Hall of Fame or my Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
Very exciting—tomorrow night at Madison Square Garden I get inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame.
Jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst projections.A bad day on Wall Street!
Word is spreading that I got a tattoo - no way, I am not a fan!
North Korea can't survive, or even eat, without the help of China. China could solve this problem with one phone call-they love taunting us!
I have gotten to know many Spanish speaking people as the owner of Trump National  Doral in Miami. They are smart, hard working and great
Your work will never be in vain if you work for a cause that is greater than yourself.
Looking forward to @VinceMcMahon inducting me into @WWE Hall of Fame this Saturday in @TheGarden. #WWEHOF #WrestleMania
Remember, Celebrity Apprentice  tonight  on CNBC at 9. Amazing episode - watch Omarosa get the boot!
Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they’re coming from. Don't underestimate them. Create a win/win situation.
Re: Negotiation: View any conflict as an opportunity. Be a diplomat as much as possible.
Look for good ideas outside of your own areas of expertise. Find innovations, approaches, and practices that you could adapt in your field.
Now AP is banning the term "illegal immigrants" What should we call them? 'Americans'?! This country's political press is amazing!
The purpose of China’s massive military buildup on the Nork’s border is to intimidate us. China attacked us during the Korean War.
“Relax &amp; clear your mind if someone is speaking, so that you’re receptive to what they’re saying.” – Roger Ailes, You are the Message
We should look to China where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for Scotland!
The haters and losers that assume I was a non-athlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my past-unlike our President-open book
I played football and baseball, sorry, but said to be the best bball player in N.Y. State-ask coach Ted Dobias-said best he ever coached.
The basketball coach at Rutgers looks bad but I had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough!
Celebrity Apprentice on tonight - CNBC at 9
Another freezing day in the Spring - what is going on with "global warming"?  Good move changing the name to "climate change" - sad!
@BillMoyers sucks - very bland and boring with no future or hope - just like @NYMag (and many others).
I ask again, how much is very wealthy South Korea paying the United States for protecting it against North Korea?
I think it was terrible that Tim Cook of Apple apologized to China. What the hell is he apologizing for? Steve Jobs wouldn’t.
In this time of economic turmoil where millions of Americans are unemployed, our tax dollars are paying @BillMoyers' big @PBS salary!
I look forward to Saturday night and being inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame.
The Yuan hit another record high against the Dollar. China is laughing at our expense.
China has control over North Korea!
With the impending crisis in Korea, is it a big confidence builder that Chuck Hagel is Sec. of Defense? Elections have consequences.
Be passionate. If you love what you're doing, success will follow.
Set the bar high, do the best you possibly can, and believe in yourself—because if you don’t, no one else will either.
In the 10:30 PM ET lead-in to local news, @ApprenticeNBC delivered a 31 percent margin of victory...
... among ABC, CBS and NBC in the key news demo of adults....
..."Apprentice" was #1 among ABC, CBS and NBC from 10:30-11 p.m. in all key demos (adults, men and women 18-34, 18-49 and 25-54)- Nielsen.
The @Yankees should immediately stop paying A-Rod—he signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie.
A-Rod’s salary is more than the entire @astros. Half the players on @astros will have better seasons than him. A-Rod is a joke!
Are you expanding your business? Interview returning soldiers. Give them strong consideration. Their sacrifices deserve it.
The only place where our "border" is protected is from Europeans. We educate them in our finest institutions &amp; then have them deported.
Immigration reform is all risk for the @GOP. Their base doesn’t want it and the 12M illegals will all vote Democrat.
Today The Blue Monster is torn up. The Trump National @DoralResort is being revolutionized with $200M of renovations.
@higginsane Hi.
“Winning is the most important thing in my life, after breathing. Breathing first, winning next.” - 
    
George Steinbrenner
“All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” is #1 in the time period among ABC, CBS and NBC in 18-49 and all other key demos—Nielsen Ratings
.@AlexSalmond’s insane release of the terrorist—for humanitarian reasons--will go down as a better decision..
... than his destruction of Scotland’s magnificent lands.@AlexSalmond
.@AlexSalmond , the Scottish politician who released the terrorist who blew up Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie…
In standing by @dennisrodman I was  also representing many people who have addiction problems &amp; are working hard to come back.
It was my great honor to defend @dennisrodman on @ApprenticeNBC last night—he has come a long way and for the good!
@South_Said  Good luck.
.@jimmyfallon regularly features @ApprenticeNBC contestants on his show. We love his support &amp; he’s a terrific host.Tonight: Omarosa.
Will be doing Fox and Friends in 10 minutes at 7.05 - enjoy!
Adrian was recognized on a Disney cruise and has had many photo requests in @TrumpTowerNY. We have a new celebrity! #CelebApprentice
Great boardroom! What did you think? #CelebApprentice
What do you think @amandatmiller is writing? #CelebApprentice
.@EricTrumpFdn continues to do important work for @StJude Children’s Research Hospital. I am very proud of @EricTrump's philanthropy.
.@pennjillette has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame— about time! #CelebApprentice
Whose artwork was your favorite— and what team do you think will win? #CelebApprentice
Piers truly hates Omarosa!
Ever see @bluemangroup in performance? They’re fantastic. And so are Penn &amp; Teller. Don’t miss them. #CelebApprentice
Agreed-- @piersmorgan says he and @OMAROSA have a “communication malfunction.” #CelebApprentice
.@LilJon’s take on @piersmorgan seems to be a classic love-hate combo. Piers can be tough and everyone knows it. #CelebApprentice
Now he has made his Busey-ism into a song. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey and one of his Busey-isms:  “Art is only the search, it is not the final form.” #CelebApprentice
.@piersmorgan is back! Did I see @OMAROSA wince? #CelebApprentice
Read about how this hotel came into being in my book “Never Give Up”—it’s quite a story. #CelebApprentice @TrumpNewYork
.@TrumpNewYork on CPW in NYC is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. #CelebApprentice
.@claudiajordan’s judgment wasn’t the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroom—that was her demise. #CelebApprentice
Are people really afraid of @OMAROSA Would you be? #CelebApprentice
What will happen to Omarosa tonight? One of our all time great episodes!
I hope everyone, or rather almost everyone, had a GREAT EASTER! We need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times
So, what will happen to the Big O on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. Remember, I only fire people when it is deserved, not for other reasons!
BIG NIGHT on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. IMPORTANT, starts at 10 P.M. as scheduled but NBC just increased all future episodes to 2 hours!
Have a GREAT EASTER, I love you all!
No, I'm saying that the World is paying the price for China's pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories! Very sad.
Major article in New York Times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in China and how it is RAPIDLY GROWNG! Rest of World pays.
China is the biggest environmental polluter in the World, by far. They do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity!
We have tremendous economic power over China if our leaders knew how to use it, which they don't! China's economy would collapse without us.
What do we get from our economic competitor South Korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from North Korea? - NOTHING!
North Korea is reliant on China. China could solve this problem easily if they wanted to but they have no respect for our leaders.
@gramma421   Not recent, long term support for the autism community.
@GenaLeeNolin  Thank you GLN!
Current @NYMag really sad, not only boring but highly inaccurate. Use better paper product - looks like a death march (which it is!).
Have a great Good Friday and a Happy Easter.
Find out who and what is the best in your field. Identify the trendsetters, leaders and authorities. Learn the standards they follow.
Achievers go for the challenge, so the next deal is what they're thinking about. They have an obligation to best themselves.
Wisdom comes as a result of both experience and knowledge. It's something you can't teach someone else--you have to achieve it on your own.
This week’s All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC features another memorable Board Room rumble between @piersmorgan &amp; @OMAROSA.
Everybody should contribute &amp; fight in the long haul battle against autism.  @autismspeaks
Take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake. Remain open to new ideas. Remain fluid, not fixed, in your expectations.
We blow up the famous Blue Monster at Trump National Doral on.Monday in order to build a spectacular new, bigger, and better Blue Monster!
@NYMag - New York Magazine sucks - lifeless and dead - one of the most boring out there. Get it now, it won't last long!
Adam Moss, editor in chief of @NYMag is quickly losing his reputation in that @NYMag has become so boring and so irrelevant.
Employees of @NYMag should have their resumes updated. It is very boring &amp; will die in the near future. How much are they losing now?
...At the same time, go through a worst-case scenario but keep it short.  Focus on your goal—look at the solution, not the problem.
Practice positive thinking—this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary, negative or detrimental...
@BeaumontAnthony Thanks Anthony.
@maffucci93 True and thanks.
@TheMayorMatt My father, Fred C. Trump.
@BigBobScott I will.
Rambling and stumbling @hardball_chris is as dumb as a rock!
Trump Signature mattress is from Serta - the best there is! Thanks
Going on Letterman now - let me know what you think - how did I do?  Here we go!
@AGALLEGOS32    Thanks!
@Markyoungco @AlexSalmond @pressjournal @JohnDuthie1
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @JohnDuthie1 just sitting here looking out over Aberdeen bay. These clowns cannot be allowed...
... to build a wind farm and destroy this view!
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @djkevritch  im proud to be scottish, but bonnie scotland will soon be a thing of the past w/ these windmills
.@alexsalmond @pressjournal RT @GailLorene  Ask our Canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms.  And poor Scotland
@slainsview Blackdog folks are very smart--their home values &amp; lives will be destroyed.
@dbpresswire @Late_Show I hope so!
@jessilin02  Fantastic food--thanks.
@spewrange Thanks--@HowardStern is great!
@CreelKen  Hope I do well!
@BrocktonConwell Great! Thanks.
Getting ready to do the David Letterman @Late_Show  tonight—I hope you all will watch—I think!
Aberdeenshire coast is spectacular. Its historic value &amp; wildlife will be tarnished if these wind turbines are built--but they won't be!
To all journalists, look into the financial dealings of Scottish Parliament members with Vattenfall…Follow the money.
Less than two weeks until @WWE’s @WrestleMania XXIX.  @TheRock v. @JohnCena willbe epic! Excited to be inducted into the Hall of Fame.
.@EricTrumpFdn continues to do important work for @StJude Children’s Research Hospital. I am very proud of @EricTrump's philanthropy.
@JNorr11  Yes--and thanks.
@nashvillebobby Thanks Bobby.
@MisterMcFlee Thanks--and good luck!
@thedealszone @washtimes Thank you.
@SmallTwnBigNews Kate--All my best wishes to you.
@TheMayorMatt  Interesting and often true!
.@pennjillette is an extraordinary entertainer &amp; magician whose star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is long overdue. Very proud of him.
Congrats to fantastic All-Star @ApprenticeNBC celebrity &amp; illusionist @pennjillette on being honored at 2013 Hollywood Walk of Fame!
The developer of the Scottish wind monstrosities, Vattenfall, just laid off 2,500 people &amp; has serious financial difficulties.
General Petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life. He is a good man and should have a great future.
The new selection of ties, shirts and suits at Macy's is amazing - also available in Trump Tower lobby.
I'm doing The David Letterman Show tonight -should be interesting!
@GenaLeeNolin   Great - call me, we'll get you on!
Great piece on Extra tonight re. Celebrity Apprentice!
Sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare, but it's to prepare us for something bigger.
Many of @TigerWoods’ ‘friends’ were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis. Now Tiger knows who he can count on.
Many people look at successful people &amp; don't see anything but the end result. They don't see all the work that went into getting there.
When somebody challenges you, fight back -- be tough!
When someone can discourage you, you probably aren't determined enough. Be resolute. That's what it takes to get things done.
@SeanHooligan6 @AlexSalmond This is from someone who knows they are a disaster.
...and now Alex Salmond pushes ugly turbines!
The Scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist al-Megrahi for humanitarian reasons. ..
…al-Megrahi  was the man who blew up Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland.
@UberBurgers Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles.
@Javi8104 Great--good luck.
@SamRyzen Thank you!
The radar, defense, shipping and civil aviation problems will stop the ugly windfarm. #EOWDC
The windfarm approval in Scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met - will be tied up in courts for years! #EOWDC
.@TigerWoods has made a truly great comeback - he is number one again! Give him credit, comebacks are tough to do. Way to go Tiger.
For all of my many Jewish friends, Happy Passover.
Good Morning America weather headline for U.S. - "NEVER ENDING COLD"
@JoelKrautter   Very good Joel!
“Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact, &amp; you will find yourself ready for a grand slam.” - Think Like A Champion
After decades of our leaders allowing China to steal our jobs &amp; R&amp;D, the Chinese will ‘overtake America’ in 2016 ...
“Luck does not come around often. So when it does, be sure to take full advantage of it, even if it means working hard." Think Big
I hope everyone enjoyed Palm Sunday!
@KiltedKrew Thank you.
@ChristalGraceG Thanks, I appreciate it.
@crainey777  Thanks Chuck.
Cyprus is seizing private bank accounts as collateral for €10bn bail-out. We owe $17T. Think it can’t happen here?
@jacob_mastro You may be right!
@DickDarkey @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC  Watch next week!
@michellemalkin 2 decades in the conservative movement and look where the conservatives are now--you're fired!
@AgostinelliNick @DonaldJTrumpJr Very nice, thanks.
@hollywood74 Thank you Nadine!
@AimeeTruchan @ABFalecbaldwin @StephenBaldwin7 She is a fabulous woman!
@disneycuty @StephenBaldwin7 Thanks Jennifer.
They changed the name from “global warming” to “climate change” after the term global warming just wasn’t working (it was too cold)!
It’s springtime and it just started snowing in NYC. What is going on with global warming?
Uh oh… @OMAROSA &amp; @piersmorgan once again reunite in the Board Room in next week’s ‘All-Star’ @ApprenticeNBC.  Fireworks!
Last night’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. The buck stops there.
What did you think of my decision? #CelebApprentice
Adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of @TrumpTowerNY. #CelebApprentice
That’s Adrian in the elevator— he works at @TrumpTowerNY &amp; he’s got a lot of stories. #CelebApprentice
People ask about @AmandaTMiller. She is actually a VP of Marketing at the Trump Organization. #CelebApprentice
Who are your favorites on Team Power? Team Plan B? #CelebApprentice
What team would you choose to win? #CelebApprentice
Let’s see what happens in the boardroom… #CelebApprentice
.@DennisRodman is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. But not sure about the silver lipstick. #CelebApprentice
.@Joan_Rivers —I know you’re watching- what did you think of your impersonator?
They should have got Darrell Hammond as the Donald Trump impersonator. #CelebApprentice
With @TraceAdkins on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed. #CelebApprentice
What do you think of @DennisRodman’s Donald Trump head? The hair’s not quite right, for one thing. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa admitting she’s a threat in the boardroom- that’s not revelation knowledge. #CelebApprentice
.@StephenBaldwin7 thinks @TheRealMarilu is ping-ponging all over the place. Do you agree? #CelebApprentice
Always good to have @ArsenioHall back as advisor as well as @DonaldJTrumpJr. They have their own fan clubs at this point. #CelebApprentice
.@StephenBaldwin7’s mother thinks I’m very handsome. Now I see where Stephen and Alec get their smarts. #CelebApprentice
.@LaToyaJackson &amp; @Omarosa are not likely to become friends –ever! #CelebApprentice
Last week’s boardroom was truly epic ---and the dust hasn’t settled yet. #CelebApprentice
I will be tweeting live tonight during Celebrity Apprentice - 9 o'clock on NBC!
Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - some amazing things happen!
@kumite67   Thanks Brian!
@CharlesRBennett   Thank you - a great compliment!
@realMikeShapiro   True Michael!
@philzentz     Thanks Phil!
Wow - they are really killing Jay Leno - let him go out with dignity!
Don't blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you. It may be worth taking a pay cut for a job you love.
Looks like the U.S. will be having the coldest March since 1996-global warming anyone?????????
Watching the madness in Cyprus? If our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits, that could happen here.
This Sunday's All-Star @ApprenticeNBC features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season. Get ready.
@michellemalkin @igo4par  True.
.@MichelleMalkin would be nothing without being on the @seanhannity show.  I don’t see what Sean sees in her—loser!
@jimmymcgreevy Thanks Jim!
@SharleneH  Thank you.
When I think big, which is often, you can be sure I’m aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for.
@ChrisStackStacy Thank you.
@cbalfer Very nice Chris--thanks!
@Dafny01 Do not give up, keep moving forward.
@michellemalkin You were born stupid!
@1fos1 Pay attention, study more than what is required, keep your focus on the big picture. And good luck.
See yourself as an organization. Pay attention to every facet of your life. What’s strong? What’s weak? What’s missing?
“The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.” - Albert Einstein
There won’t be any new gun legislation. No surprise. Americans support the 2nd amendment.
Life always presents new opportunities you would never expect. I hosted @WrestleMania &amp; then I starred in one, which sold most PPVs.
Make no mistake, Obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. Just a disaster.
Problem with @GOP is not their message, it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message.
“Here’s something about Donald Trump, he’s got a top rated show on TV and everything he says becomes a headline.”-@DLoesch  All true!
Yes, All-Star @ApprenticeNBC contestant @THEGaryBusey is a little out there. But he uses his ‘uniqueness’ to his advantage.
It won’t stay a buyer’s market forever. If you can, take advantage and buy property asap. You’ll thank me!
Remember the golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules.
It’s snowing &amp; freezing in NYC. What the hell ever happened to global warming?
.@mcuban  Mark—nice picture, thanks for the invite to the Mavs/Nets game. Next time I’ll go and you’ll win!
@IanRambally   Great going!
Celebrity Apprentice on in 5 minutes on CNBC - it's great!
Celebrity Apprentice on CNBC tonight at 9.
The @CelebApprentice will be broadcast tonight on @CNBC at 9 PM.
Haters, stop saying I went bankrupt, it is not so. I never went bankrupt...
... but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage.
For the haters, out of hundreds of deals or transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals.
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
... Icahn, Kravis, Apollo and most others--but nobody says they went bankrupt!
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals...
... It is very effective and a commonly used business tool.
Why do the losers &amp; haters always say I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t.  Like it or not, it’s all mine—just ask Barbara Walters.
@MartinFagervik  Win!
@RealHotwaffles Thanks.
@chrisr52 Happy Birthday Christine.
@balloon_69 @AFCHaywards  Good luck!
@miawesbrooks @dcexaminer Very nice!
@MsCattitude1 @ApprenticeNBC Great and thanks.
@nycal821 @nbc @CelebApprentice Thanks Cheryl.
My shirts, ties &amp; suits (and fragrance, Success) are doing great -- go over &amp; check out Macy’s now—beautiful new selection!
. @OMAROSA is smart and strategic. People should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on @ApprenticeNBC.
@iklemieux @theRealKiyosaki  Thanks--and good luck.
. @WWE’s @WrestleMania XXIX less than 3 weeks away.  Looking forward to being inducted into the Hall of Fame!
@t_thabane Happy Birthday.
The NFL has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact.  What is happening to the sport? The beginning of the end.
“Playing golf with business associates creates a relaxing atmosphere where everyone has fun...
... That’s why so many huge deals are closed on a golf course.” – TRUMP 101
@DolehNYC Quite nice, thanks!
@bburt2367 Trump, by far!
@ChesterStarr @hardball_chris Chester--unreal.
Board Room finale of this week’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC will leave viewers wondering where the rest of the season goes…It's great!
It’s a shame to hear that the @dcexaminer is failing. No one wants the paper, even if it is being handed out for free.
@FatmaEmadi Thank you.
@jaynielea Thanks Jaynie.
@jcfields13  Thanks Jason.
@yokoono John was great--everybody misses him. Best wishes.
.@NBC just announced that all 1 hour @CelebApprentice episodes are being expanded to 2 hours—it’s amazing what good ratings will do!
I remained strong for @TigerWoods during his difficult period. He rewarded me (and himself) by winning at Trump National Doral.
.@SouthJerseyMag, “According to the Pros” just named Trump National Golf Club, Philadelphia, the #1 private club. Thanks!
.@hardball_chris’ very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb!
@tinaclean Yes and best wishes.
@MandMpanelbeat Thanks and good luck.
@c_hanson800   Hi Chris!
@MarcPhelan Thank you!
@WusongTweet Thanks Wusong.
@Mike_Hamilton69 Thanks Michael!
@asiandave89 Thanks David!
@THESethFriend Thanks Seth!
@Ashonair101 Thanks Metalchick!
@jrocco_96 @mcuban I have none!
@emilyplacido @mcuban Emily--true and thanks.
.@mcuban  Mark, okay with me but don't start your bullshit again!
Passion motivates. Passionate people don't give up; their zeal eliminates fear. Passion can also create business opportunities.
Congratulations to @Likud_Party MK @dannydanon on being offered Deputy Defense Minister of IDF by @IsraeliPM @netanyahu.
If you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate, then it’s time to THINK BIG and plan your next step…
@HayesRutherford Yes and thanks.
@CforColby Hi Colby.
10 yrs ago today, the Iraq war began. 4,485 of our nation’s finest have not returned home alive. Iran will soon control Iraq &amp; its oil.
Amnesty is suicide for Republicans.Not one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote Republican.Obama is laughing at @GOP.
.@RNC report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election. Short on ideas. Just giving excuses to donors.
Does anyone remember the fight @mcuban had w/ the referee—he was weak &amp; pathetic—a non-athlete trying to live life thru his players.
Why do shows have @ananavarro—Ntl Hispanic Chair for the losing McCain ’08 &amp; Huntsman ’12.  She’s a loser who doesn’t deliver votes.
Sorry folks, but Donald Trump is far richer and much better looking than dopey @mcuban!
@jrkirk22 Thanks.
@BeaumontAnthony Thanks Anthony.
@__Jibz True!
@ilpostio  That's why I'll never be Pope!
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continues to surprise our loyal viewers each and every week. More, and bigger, coming…
It was just announced that @ErinBurnett won’t be going to mornings on CNN. @OutFrontCNN just made a wise decision.
.@SarahPalinUSA did a great job @CPACnews. Much of what she said was plain old "common sense."
.@hardball_chris became a super liberal Obama fan only because he must need the money--and on @MSNBC that’s the way it is.
.@ErinBurnett should have stayed at CNBC—she was never smart, but people liked her. @OutFrontCNN Jeff Zucker’s got problems!
For beauty and flight, I’ll take the @Boeing 757 over the @Boeing 787 any day!
l still think @Boeing should just bite the bullet &amp; get rid of the new batteries in the 787. Those batteries will always be a problem!
I don’t like seeing the Pope standing at the checkout counter (front desk) of a hotel in order to pay his bill. It’s not Pope-like!
.@hardball_chris  is a really dumb guy(and I know him well)—that’s why he works swimmingly with our leaders in Washington.
Re: CPAC “The crowd in the main room filled to capacity by the end of Trump’s address, something his operative said he planned to do...
.... to help McConnell, who spoke right after him.”@BreitbartNews
I was sorry to decline headlining the Reagan Dinner last Saturday due to a prior business commitment. Pres. Reagan was one of the greats.
.@rushlimbaugh played 3 separate audio bites (the most of anyone) of my CPAC speech. Hour 3 in Friday's show.
Be weak on immigration and ensure Democratic victory.
.@rushlimbaugh is right—the Republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough.
But @mcuban is physically weak, he has no clubhead speed or game!
@dennizenx   Thanks!
@Doyle5sMom  Thanks!
@niecey911logan  Thanks!
@BillDaley1   True!
.@mcuban is so short off the tee he can't have much of a punch. He's just a weak man with a big mouth!
WHO IS GOING TO GET IRAQ'S OIL???????
Bombings all over Iraq today.That country is falling apart-such a horrible waste of lives and 1.5 trillion dollars (and I told you so!).
@JackVoices   You are correct, but he is so easy!
@mcuban is very short off the tee - and his basketball sucks also!
Golf match? I've won 18 Club Championships including this weekend. @mcuban swings like a little girl with no power or talent. Mark's a loser
@KatySutherland6   Great!
@byoppjr   We just blew it up dummy!
@ArsenioHall    You were fantastic last night on Celebrity Apprentice - everybody loved you!
@DavidMcClain328    Thanks.
@roannasweet  Not even close!
@bearmntn  But I like picking on losers!
@borland_jim  Great!
@kalevans    Great!
@DonaldJChump   Stupid, they tried that with The Benefactor and Mark went splat!
@roannasweet   Not even close, dopey!
@Cleggermeister  Thank you!
@ReederJosh   You are right, he is a total joke - his players laugh at him!
@dan_kir96  Dan, because I love beating lowlifes!
@HRdiva_NY  Thanks Tanja!
@babyguts666   Thanks!
Apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o'clock hour over other networks!
“Leverage: don’t make deals without it.” – The Art of the Deal
Is Anthony Weiner also delusional? Add him to NY Sex Offender list instead!
Sexual pervert &amp; deviant Anthony Weiner is polling to see if he can run for NYC Mayor...
.@dallasmavs is 1-12 against the Western Conference’s top four seeds after Sunday’s loss &amp; @okcthunder swept the season series.
Why does @mcuban continue to embarrass the 31-35 &amp; 11TH place @dallasmavs with childish behavior? Really unprofessional!
The Blue Monster is being torn up at Trump @DoralResort. On April 1, I go out &amp; play it one more time until the new course opens.
.@DLoesch played great audio from my @CPACnews press conference on her radio show.  Glad she made it!
Scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not built—I will tie them up in courts for years, if necessary.
Vattenfall CEO stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years-- a  changing market.
Vattenfall, the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of Aberdeen, Scotland, is having serious financial difficulty.
If @OMAROSA is not in the Board Room, I can’t fire her.  @latoyajackson made a strategic mistake.
“All-Star Celebrity Apprentice” ranked #1 for the 10 o’clock hour among ABC, CBS and NBC with a season-high 19% margin.
@Kevin_Johnson68 @trapasso2501  Trump Tower is open to the public.
I will not be commenting on boardroom specifics- would be unfair to the different time zones. #CelebApprentice
True, @THEGaryBusey is a scene stealer without trying. He’s got a gift. #CelebApprentice
.@DennisRodman re @Omarosa is right, she’s becoming predictable.
.@Omarosa is not winning points, being called “the wicked witch of the Mid-West” and most certainly other things. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa’s new name via @DennisRodman: “Ms. Saboteur” sounds rather elegant. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa’s emergency has put a new spin on Team Power’s presentation—but it’s not “show time” yet. #CelebApprentice
.@latoyajackson informs @ArsenioHall  that @Omarosa is a “conniving witch”—is he surprised? Are we surprised? #CelebApprentice
“@OMAROSA is a bit toxic” per @BrandenRoderick. Being a bit PC? #CelebApprentice
There’s no love lost between @latoyajackson  &amp; @OMAROSA Disrespectful? Who is being disrespectful? #CelebApprentice
Music cues, audience participation, sounds like a very active Team Power. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa on the cover of Soap Opera Digest? That’s a credential… #CelebApprentice
And happy to welcome @ArsenioHall back as an advisor— he will have his own show and is doing great. #CelebApprentice
.@TraceAdkins is back—good news for Plan B. #CelebApprentice
The Paley Center for Media is a great place to visit when you’re in NYC. #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa has another meltdown … while giving a check for $40,000 to Michael’s charity, the Sue Duncan Center. #CelebApprentice
Great line from @TheGaryBusey:  “I am an angel in an earth suit.” Do you agree? #CelebApprentice
.@Omarosa’s meltdown—was it for real? @DennisRodman thinks she could be an Oscar winner for that performance… #CelebApprentice
The tournament at Trump National Doral was much more exciting than what is going on now!
I'll be tweeting live tonight starting at 9PM ET re:@ApprenticeNBC. Don't worry other time zones, I will give nothing away!
@ANNIKA59    Annika - Thanks, you are the GREATEST - We all adore you!
Best ratings for the Dateline show were for six months, not two months!
@DeViouSDoLL82 It's Endometriosis Awareness Month-176 million women suffer from this disease.
Just won The Club Championship at Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach-lots of very good golfers-never easy to win a C.C.
Last weeks Dateline, which I hosted, was the highest rated Dateline since January!
Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - GREAT EPISODE!
Wow-Record ratings for WGC Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral's Blue Monster-Most watched in seven years. CONGRATS to@Tiger Woods
Huff Post "His early morning speech drew a large crowd, far larger than remarks at the same time on Thursday" and packed by end! The facts.
Thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it's all about the truth!
Honest reporters stated that the Prayer Breakfast was going on during my CPAC speech and security was very slow to let people in-long lines!
I agreed to take the worst spot at CPAC because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time I could be there - it was great fun!
WHY CAN'T THE MEDIA TELL THE TRUTH - WE WOULD ALL BE SO MUCH BETTER OFF!
For accurate reporting of my @CPACnews speech, read @PoliticalTicker, @Newsmax_Media, @politico, @HuffPostPol....
......@DailyCaller, @BreitbartNews, @DRUDGE_REPORT &amp; @gatewaypundit.
@jheil at @NYMag is such a pathetic reporter who doesn’t want to know the truth. A total Obama flunky &amp; hack.
Boring &amp; failing @NYMag’s 3rd rate political reporter @jheil had flunky @DanAmira write a totally false report about me today......
..... He knows I don’t respect him.
I watched the last two minutes of the @dallasmavs game last night--- I just loved watching them lose.
Press conference after CPAC speech this morning was excellent- lots of very professional reporters.
The CPAC speech went really well this morning--- first speaker--- standing ovation. I really enjoyed it.
When you think big, you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big.
.@mcuban has less TV persona than  any other person I can think of. He’s an arrogant, crude, dope who met some very stupid people...
...Those stupid people bought @mcuban's company (of which he owned a piece).
There’s a reason @mcuban’s partners can’t stand him and on top of that, the team sucks!
CPAC attendees &amp; fellow patriots - lines for my @CPACnews start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. Make sure to get there early!
Really big crowd expected tomorrow morning at # CPAC2013. I look forward to it!
When @mcuban had his own show, The Benefactor, it totally “bombed!”
I love watching dummy @mcuban promote on ok show named Shark Tank—but he is just a small part of that show.
Good move by @MSNBC in downgrading @WeGotEd to a dead weekend spot. This is truly a guy who shouldn't be on tv.
@trader_greg  Thanks.
@RickStone1282 @Yankees Thanks Rick.
. @BarbaraJWalters made a great decision in firing @JoyVBehar from @theviewtv. The show will be better without her!
Congratulations to my Catholic friends on the selection of Pope Francis I to lead the Catholic Church. People that know him love him!
To show you how shallow politicians can be, many are jealous of my @CPACnews speaking slot &amp; also their fellow Republicans! Not good!
The DC press corps is obsessed with my @CPACnews speech which is scheduled  tomorrow 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Can't blame them.
Wow--just 1 day after my offer to fund all WH tours "Obama backtracks on decision to cancel all White House tours” ...
Dummy @mcuban made up a story about a visit to Mar-a-Lago last night on Leno. It never happened—I don’t talk that way.
@dennisrodman Thank you Dennis.
Congrats to @EricTrump and @LaraLeaYunaska on a great five years!
I watched Mark Cuban on Jay Leno last night - what a jerk!
Celebrity Apprentice will be rebroadcast tonight at 9 on CNBC.
@kevconnorsespn. Great and good luck!
“You have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing, because people connect with the why.” – Midas Touch
Do your homework. Wasting other people’s time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression.
According to new WPOST-ABC poll, Obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economy
In making any decision, you need all the facts. But after exhausting all due diligence, in the end you have to go with your gut!
Best of luck to my good friend Derek Jeter on his first game today back at shortstop. @Yankees Captain is a warrior &amp; winner.
@AnnAmplf  The Art of the Deal and Think Like a Champion would be helpful.
.@LukeDonald You are so good and so talented that I have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the "New" Blue Monster @DoralResort
.@CPACnews had its largest ever ticket sales the day of my announcement. Really an honor. Can’t wait to see everyone.
The sequester is less than 2% of total 2013 budget. Why can’t the WH re-allocate funds and keep the tours open for children? #OpenOurWH
Lines for my @CPACnews address start at 7:00AM outside the Potomac Ballroom. ACU has asked that you get there early. #CPAC2013
@heyavampirebat Good idea--I wish him luck.
@vcross8 Agreed, they're doing a great job.
It’s sad that the WH is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours. Doesn’t have to be.  WH should take my offer.
@msmarjc Thanks Mary.
@hrtbrknomore74 Thanks and good luck.
@karlbstumpf Yes and thanks.
@grantgphoto My best wishes.
@paulteutulsr. Thanks Paul - we miss you!
@rantanrave @Cpac Thanks!
@Peruvianmuse @CPACnews  Great!
@HammerleAmanda @theRealKiyosaki  Thanks--and good luck.
@JeffZephir Thanks Jeff.
Ashley Judd's candidacy was created by Karl Rove's terrible ads, even before she thought seriously about running...
...The ads made her look great and now she probably will run.
“Whether you realize it or not, your brand can be many times more valuable than your business.” – Midas Touch
@gllleymon900000 Thanks Spence.
@WilsonLeeFlores Thanks Wilson.
A note from the fabulous Mark Burnett:  “Donald, congratulations again, we are #1 in the 10:00pm hour. I am tweeting about it.”
My @CPACnews speech is scheduled Friday at 8:45AM in the Potomac Ballroom. Will also be telecast live on CSPAN &amp; cable news networks.
Congratulations to @NewYorkObserver on celebrating its 25 year anniversary. Great paper under amazing management!
Glad to hear @ehasselbeck will be staying on @theviewtv. Elizabeth has great presence &amp; doesn’t back down from sharing her views.
All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC continues to dominate the Sunday 10PM slot in every key demographic. Still hot after 13 seasons!
Re: Ashley Judd: Keep @KarlRove away. He already made her a viable candidate.
Our economy has had worst recovery under Obama since the Depression. Results of his policies speak for themselves. No new taxes!
.@Graeme_McDowell  Great playing this weekend. You are a true winner. We look forward to having you back to Trump National Doral.
Really looking forward to my address @CPACnews this Friday morning at 8:30. Will stress jobs, etc. Can't wait to see my many friends.
According to new employment numbers, 296,000 Americans have dropped out of the work force &amp; gave up looking for work.
Between a terrible press conference, mishandled prisoner swap &amp; Taliban attacks, Hagel's 1st trip as SOD was a disaster. No surprise.
. @deesnider is a great guy &amp; a total winner! He understood - he did not leave me any other choice. Look forward to keeping in touch.
@BrandenRoderick Brande-- Thank you! You have been a pleasure to work with.
To @TigerWoods  He is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at Trump National Doral. @DoralResort #Trump
If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put the foundations under them. Thoreau
.@CelebApprentice was #1 on network TV last night in its time slot and easily won the 10 o’clock hour in all major demographics.
Let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate.

--John F. Kennedy, Inaugural Address, January 1961
The losing team is now back in boardroom. I can't discuss the team members or what's going on or what happens from here on out.
Re my hair-Should I change it? What do you think?
It's true... Dennis is really into this-very animated. I have never seen him this way before.
Which team is your favorite?
Re Omarosa: Nasty, tough or smart...or all?
Does anyone agree with Marilu that Gary, while 'adorable', is a distraction?
Omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept &amp; presentation.
Next she says she's being set up by Omarosa to fail....is somebody confused?
What?!  LaToya is saying Omarosa is one of the nicest people she's met?
On the whole, the teams seem to be working well together. No wars...yet.
Gary as the Cat in the Hat? He can work it out.
What do you think of Gary's definition of    f-u-n?
Trace delivers check to hospital in NYC:  American Red Cross must be grateful to Trace and his team for their tremendous work.
Honest Omarosa: she won't backstab-she'll come at you from the front.
Which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment?
My 757 is incredible-I think the teams agree on that.
Will Team Power be able to withstand Omarosa as PM? Smooth sailing is not expected.
Will Plan B miss Trace?
Firing Bret was a tough one for me-but Omarosa doesn't seem to mind.
Omarosa always promises and delivers high drama...
Trace and his team raised an amazing amount of $.  Looks like a good season for charities.
There's definitely no love lost between Piers and Omarosa.
Bret had a target on his back from the get go...
That was some episode last week-we've got a great cast!
I will be live tweeting during the @ApprenticeNBC tonight at 9PM ET.
I'm at Trump Doral right now, Tiger will tee off shortly.
How much is South Korea paying the U.S. for protection against North Korea???? NOTHING!
Get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. Be persistent and alert every single day.
Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who’s the boss? Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith.
@Ziggi92  Good luck.
@axelpals Be prepared to go it alone--being an entrepreneur is not, initially, a group effort. Keep your focus. Read Midas Touch.
Make sure to tune in to All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC this Sunday at 9PM EST for another round of fireworks and surprises!
“You have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals. Think big, but be realistic.” – Think Big
Golf is a brain game &amp; is a great way to improve your business skills. Concentration,assessment, technique &amp; passion...it's all there.
@melpoluk  Good luck!
@Hallmarr Hi Hallmar.
@JAW44444 @CelebApprentice Agree--thanks!
@SavvY_PriNceSS  Thanks Becky.
@melpoluk. Great
“Image is important and speaks more than the words or fine print that goes along with the product.” – Midas Touch
Notice the first word in my Think Big credo: Think = the 1st step. Use everything in your power to utilize &amp; develop that capacity.
Re: Decisions:  Cover your bases, then ask yourself this question: "What am I pretending not to see?" This can save a lot of time &amp; trouble.
@a123r7o  Thanks, good choice &amp; good luck.
@SMK4ye  Good goal.
@PabloRaffaele  Good thing to remember.
@brad_mcmichael @DoralResort @nbc @GolfChannel @CadillacChamp  Thanks Brad.
.@morning_joe - Wow - "Ticket sales go through the roof after Trump asked to speak at CPAC"
@kstan500. Good luck!
@joelalbright1. Great!
@sadatDM. Thanks.
Go to Trump National Doral, Miami, and watch Tiger, Phil, Ernie, Rory and all of the other great players compete in The WGC Cadillac Champ!
I don't know why but I feel so sorry for dummy reporter John Heilemann when I watch him on television.
John Heilemann, the lightweight reporter begging to be on@morning joe, looks like a timebomb waiting to explode-he's a nervous and sad mess!
@lovitt_marisa Good to hear, enjoy!
@Raul_Esquire  Thanks Raul.
@rcmillershow Thank you.
@jlynn_12  Thanks Jessica.
@xo_deannayoung Good subject, good luck!
It’s been great making so many new friends at Trump @DoralResort for the @CadillacChamp. Good luck to everyone!
.@somelikeitlar hope you enjoyed the premiere of All-Star Celebrity @ApprenticeNBC. Make sure @marklevinshow watches!
Dateline NBC, featuring yours truly, just set a season high in households in the ratings—no wonder NBC likes me so much! @nbc
Without momentum there’s a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. Get your momentum going-- and keep it going.
It was just announced that @MacMiller’s song “DonaldTrump” went platinum—tell  Mac Miller to kiss my ass!
Building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. The bigger the building, the deeper the foundation needs to be
@CrewSawyer It will be fantastic--be sure to visit.
@homeedmam I wish him the best of luck.
It is my great honor to be speaking at CPAC 2013. They are all about what's good for America.
@Mike_Kelly1  Thanks Michael.
@TheEvanGruver Thanks Evan and good luck.
It’s important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. It’s part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose.
“When you’re at a meeting, monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and others.” – Think Like a Billionaire
@wrightmomof3 @iansomerhalder @paulwesley @joshduhamel @Zak_Bagans  Happy Birthday Tiffany.
Just arrived at Trump National Doral, saying hello to all the great players. This place is amazing.Come Thursday &amp; see for yourselves!
The Formula of Knowledge: The best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry.
@kennybud  If you love what you're doing, motivation is never a problem.
@LaurieRobertson It will be fantastic! Be sure to visit.
Remember--the worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal.
@scheekster  I agree, it's a beautiful course to play. Thanks.
@SvenIsaksson Thanks Sven and good luck.
Rory, Tiger, Phil and Ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at Trump National Doral.
Heading to Trump National Doral to check the progress prior to the start of the Cadillac Championship on Thursday. I’ll be there all week
For those of you defending Bret and saying Omarosa should go remember Bret chose O which could also be considered a big mistake!
@M_Sallis Matt--Hope you will have a Happy Birthday.
@MaryFallacaro Thanks Mary.
3.  You should tweet your pick for MVP using the celebrity’s name followed by the hashtag #CelebApprenticeMVP.
2.  The celebrity with the highest totals by Tuesday noon ET gets an extra donation to his or her charity…
1.   Each week, you the audience can choose an MVP among the celebrities @CelebApprentice using Twitter…...
“If you want to be successful at anything in life, you have to be able to handle pressure.” – Think Big
@misskhan  Thank you.
Additionally, @CelebApprentice ranked as the #1 program in the 9-11 pm time period with adults in the 25-54  age group.
.@CelebApprentice wins 10-11 o’clock hour in all key ratings demographics, including, most importantly, the 18-49 age group.
Glad everyone could see Mar-a-Lago last night on @datelinenbc. It is the crown jewel of Palm Beach.
@foyt4timewinner. Thanks!
...Brande was also smart in not bringing Omarosa to the boardroom.
Brande would have been fired immediately if she didn't raise $132,000, a really large sum. Bret, on the other hand, raised very little...
I will be doing Fox and Friends at 7 A.M. this morning.
So, what did you think of my decision? What would you have done? #CelebApprentice
I'll always like @OMAROSA because she constantly defends me. #CelebApprentice
.@PiersMorgan is right- he won the show because “I know how to play the game.” #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. #CelebApprentice
Don't worry West Coast etc. we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs. #CelebApprentice
Paul Teutul is always good on the show. #CelebApprentice
Even @PiersMorgan is impressed by @THEGaryBusey. #CelebApprentice
.@OMAROSA as a cashier- a big mistake by @BrandenRoderick. #CelebApprentice
.@KellyandMichael are both wonderful people. Their show is terrific. #CelebApprentice
.@DennisRodman must be thinking of North Korea. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey is definitely different. #CelebApprentice
.@PiersMorgan and @OMAROSA really hate each other. #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump and @PiersMorgan will be wonderful advisors. #CelebApprentice
I can’t believe he would choose @OMAROSA as his first choice! She is hard to handle. #CelebApprentice
.@LisaRinna looks better with her reduced lips. Good move, Lisa. #CelebApprentice
Looks like @OMAROSA is up to the challenge. #CelebApprentice
How does this cast look to you? Pretty amazing. #CelebApprentice
Losers and haters,even you, as low and dumb as you are, can learn from watching Apprentice and checking out my tweets-you can still succeed!
Losers and haters are invited to watch Celebrity Apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn.
I will be live tweeting during the Celebrity Apprentice at 9 P.M.  Also will be hosting Dateline just prior to Apprentice at 8 P.M.
@AllenWronowski. Allen and Gail - you will like it - see you both soon!
Everybody wants to see and talk to Dennis Rodman - he will be on Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9.
@Dattan78. Thanks!
@jennyfromnexus.  Great advice!
@JBoyle007. True and thanks John!
Really bad article about me in the dying (or dead) Esquire Magazine. Totally false - lots of hatred. When will this boring magazine close?
@splinter48708.  Thanks.
@RichDeLeo. Thanks Rich.
@juicetucker. Thanks Matt.
@Peace_Janise. Thanks Janise!
@MathemagicianUK. Thanks.
Is Chris Jackson as dumb as I hear - but I still like that he follows me like a good little soldier!
@vin7768. Thanks Vincent!
@BILLIONIRV.  Thanks for the nice words Irv!
@KHarmDD59. Thanks Kevin.Trump Doral will soon be the best in the U.S.
@lmward7. Thanks.
@scottybuoy13. Thanks!
Remember, Bill Maher praised the animals who took down the World Trade Center and was fired by ABC. DROP@HBO until dopey Bill is canned!
@dgibson120. GREAT!
@jostephan
Everyone should cancel HBO until they fire low life dummy Bill Maher!  Get going now and feel good about yourself!
@K9Koda. Thank you - very nice (and true)!
Joseph Kennedy is really being used by Venezuela and Hugo C. in oil commercial!
@Bittersweet008 Thanks Kayla, enjoy.
If  people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful  at all. --
Michelangelo
Champion @Joan_Rivers loves being on the other side of the table in the Boardroom. She leaves no punches out in @CelebApprentice!
“Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass.” – Think Big
@realRoseIzzo Thanks Rose.
Who would have thought that an @ApprenticeNBC champion would return to compete? @bretmichaels returns to All-Star @CelebApprentice...
Only the Obama WH can get away with attacking Bob Woodward.
Today marks the one year anniversary of @AndrewBreitbart’s passing. Andrew’s mission &amp; legacy still lives on. @BreitbartNews
Due to popular demand, @lisarinna returns to the 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice. Lisa's fans won't be disappointed!
We should leave Afghanistan immediately. No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in, we go in hard &amp; quick. Rebuild the US first.
Continued success is built on building a brand people know will deliver. Unless you’re @KarlRove. Then you just blame the Tea Party.
Newly minted diplomat @dennisrodman is a completely different competitor in All-Star @CelebApprentice. Dennis is a legend!
Remember, this Sunday I am also featured on @datelinenbc at 8PM, right before the premiere of All-Star @CelebApprentice @nbc likes me!
@FashionFindsbyR  Thanks, enjoy!
Pay attention to details. If you don't know every aspect of what you're doing, you're setting yourself up for some big surprises.
I am happy that "The Job" on CBS, the 16th. knockoff of the Apprentice, was just cancelled. I love to see my opponents lose (not nice)!
@saphoros
By popular request,  I will be live tweeting during Celebrity Apprentice (Sunday 9 P.M.).
Thanks Matthew!
It is going to be a long and tough road to turn around CNN - they are looking at the wrong people!
Erin Burnett, who has no ratings on CNN in prime time, now wants more money to move to the morning slot. @CNN should say "no way".
Thank you - so nice.
@MyStudentApt  Thanks Rob and good luck.
@pammygb  Good work, Pam.
@osaFoLmiK  Thank you.
@JackieHearns  Thanks Jacqueline.
Do  not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a  trail.
--Ralph  Waldo Emerson
Are you a Democrat running in a race you should lose? Get @KarlRove to run an ad against you and you will win.
@JediJerad  Thank you.
@TessaHartmann  Thanks Tessa.
You haven’t seen fireworks until you see @OMAROSA &amp; @piersmorgan go at it again! Let’s just say it’s no happy reunion…
Over the years, I've discovered that for a brand to build, the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together.
One good aspect of the Obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. If you can make it now, you deserve it!
Remember, no one ever said success was easy.Good luck doesn’t come overnight.But if u work hard &amp; love it, u will find success &amp; luck.
I am very proud of @StephenBaldwin7’s performance in the record 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice. Watch.
Everyone is excited for @THEGaryBusey’s return to All-Star @CelebApprentice.  Be warned, this time Gary is even more insane!
Be sure to watch “The History of WrestleMania” on @netflix. My interview explains how I supported the event early on. I'm proud of it.
@allanlarson Swing hard.
“To succeed, one must be creative and persistent.” - John H. Johnson
@MWiggans @ESPNGolf @CadillacChamp  Thanks M.
@generalsam1971  Wow--very nice, thanks.
@Looayg  Thanks and good luck.
@AdrianaStuijt Thank you.
@DeannaSpillyard Sikorsky 76
@mena_le @ApprenticeNBC Wrong--not even close!
@NYMag  True!
@MissCastilloH Thanks Gaby.
@KenBroadwater  True!
@EricGBassett  Mostly my father.
@BiggLogz This Sunday, March 3rd, at 9 PM EST on @nbc
@JTBone97 7 months.
@NattilyAttired @Pontifex I fully understand that side of the argument.
@JTDixon_Inker Happy Birthday &amp; enjoy NYC.
@misskhan  Happy Birthday.
Karl Rove’s ads are the worst in political history!
Karl Rove’s stupid ad made Ashley Judd hot—now everybody is talking about her.
Ashley Judd has just thanked Karl Rove for all the attention he has given her—unreal!—how stupid can we get?
If Mitch McConnell wants to win his election, he’d better get rid of jinxed Karl Rove and fast...
... Rove’s ad campaign has made Ashley Judd a totally credible candidate. Be careful Mitch!
How come nobody mentions that the Nielsen Ratings of the Apprentice, after 12 seasons-- as shown by Howard Stern --totally blow away...
... the ratings of Shark Tank. Everyone was hitting on me until the numbers came in—and now—dead silence!
@finger_slinger Thanks Davis.
@clstromgren Many people have said that.
@JustKieffer @GoAngelo @macy Not much!
@Obomination1 @GoAngelo @macy Thanks.
The government will spend over $3.8T this year. The sequester is a pittance of the outlays, less than 2%. Where’s the problem?
Isn’t it ironic that President Obama, of all people, is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!'
@WetzelDrake @ApprenticeNBC Thanks.
@ed_the_honest Thanks Ed.
@stacihogan  True!
@nal53199  I will.
@CraryJohn There is none.
@TexasBlingMom Interesting.
@BrooksStephen @marissamayer True and thanks.
@kat3500 Fantastic.
@sdcrane @marissamayer Excellent.
@scotty752 Thanks Scott.
@lynk339  Thanks.
There was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w/the White House, Iran &amp; China. All celebrated Chuck Hagel being voted in as SOD.
Is everything ok over there @Salon? I actually got some good press from them today.
@RyanTheDee  Hopefully he will not destroy Scotland.
@TheRealChosen1 Thanks and good luck.
@ialia  Great! Just won five-star ratings for hotel and restaurant from Forbes Travel Guide.
@emanaydin  Made a mistake but will recover.
@pfgabriel  Yes and thanks.
@Thomasbrennan01 Great architect!
@BrianSchnitzler I often ask that question myself.
@Lifelongcane  True and thanks.
Everyone loves TV’s darling @TheRealMarilu. But wait until you see her tough &amp; competitive side in the upcoming @CelebApprentice!
Great news - @BarbaraJWalters has fully recovered and will be back on @theviewtv this coming Monday.  Barbara is wonderful!
The Pope should not have resigned—he should have lived it out. It hurts him, it hurts the church...
...and says something is seriously wrong. He will never go down as great!
Was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when I left the set of @LateNightJimmy...
…..Guy in front asked for picture- said he was the biggest fan, never saw the guy in back.
@amize_ @mcuban  I win, no contest!
Many people have commented that my fragrance, “Success”  is the best scent &amp; lasts the longest. Try it &amp; let me know what you think!
@HvrhRump I will--thanks--"Success" is fantastic.
@pga4terry @ApprenticeNBC  Thanks Terry.
@Swift_Vic @LexiArri  They usually put the leftovers on Friday, like Shark Tank.
@scherroe  Amy is terrific!
@jtalboy @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice @RedCross  True!
@GjelajG @ForQ2  Thanks--very nice.
@IngrahamAngle Thanks Laura--found out via your twitter!
@seehorse72  Thanks Kim.
@Thomasblack2013 Sunday March 3rd on @NBC at 9 PM EST
.@GoAngelo—the next time you have a rally @Macy’s, try getting 12 people instead of 11—it would be much more effective!
@bkfViking123 Thanks Bryon.
@KyMdeLange  Wow, what a great honor--thanks.
Heading over to@Kelly and Michael re. Apprentice!
@Trish3D @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice @RedCross  He's great!
@pzpower @WWE  Vince is fantastic!
Just did Howard Stern Show-great time. Now doing The Today Show with Ivanka. ENJOY!
@KarsynSharp
@JaylonSeales
@HoppMar. Great and thanks.
Will be on Howard Stern at 6.45 A.M. and the Today Show at 8.00 A.M.
I'll bet Jimmy Fallon gets great ratings tonight!
Jimmy Fallon show will be great tonight - I'm on!
Why does@ Bill O'Reilly keep putting Karl Rove on his show-a total waste of time. Rove spent $400, 000, 000 and didn't win a race-pathetic!
On Jimmy Fallon tonight.
Dopey @billmaher still owes me $5M for charity.  I hope he pays up before @hbo fires him--which will happen!
@preewbrfu1  Wind turbines are a disaster!
@BryanTash Thanks Bryan.
@LefteyDowns @austinroneil Great!
Looking forward to the @CadillacChamp at Trump Doral next week, 3.6.-3.10.  Can’t wait to meet the attendees. #WGCDoral
.@tedcruz must be doing something right if @cher, sadly rated “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to @listverse, is attacking him.
You have to feel bad for the Democrat Senators.  They don’t want Hagel either.  Just following Obama’s orders.
The ruling @GOP consultant class of losers like @KarlRove have no respect for the Tea Party.  They do this at their own peril!
Just a few more days until the 13th season of All-Star @CelebApprentice premieres.  Be sure to tune in this Sunday at 9PM on @nbc. Big!
@GjelajG  Be passionate about your work, focus, and never give up.
Country music star @TraceAdkins returns to All-Star @CelebApprentice.  Competing for @RedCross, Trace is great!
I will be on @LateNightJimmy tonight.  Always have a good time with @jimmyfallon.  Now we know he will get high ratings tonight.
One of the reasons, I assume, I was inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame is that Vince McMahon and I have the all time highest ratings...
... and pay per view records with “Battle of the Billionaires” in Detroit. It was a wild day!
It is a great honor for me to be inducted into the @WWE Hall of Fame. This will take place on April 6...
... at Madison Square Garden followed by a ceremony with 80,000 people at MetLife Stadium, Wrestlemania.
Thanks Go Angelo, people are now really aware of my ties, shirts, and cuff links at Macy's-
.....you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance, "Success"!
A certain whack job, Go Angelo, who doesn't have a life- spends his time hopelessly attacking me re: Macy's....
..... I wonder if Angelo has a job or is on assistance. In any event, I'm sure he is a nice guy!
When employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group...
... Also, if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing (a second job maybe).
Now I know that Yahoo is in good hands. It took great courage for @marissamayer to take away the right of employees to work at home.
@NewYorkATM. Thanks.
@Keval_Camden. Thanks.
@DeasWorld. Thanks.
@RockShannon108. Thanks.
@reidtruuu. Great!
@teaparty321. My honor!
@mike121z. No!
The United States better address China's exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! China is laughing at us.
@RamiroDamil. Thanks.
@whalinn5. No but thanks.
@Jorkellett. Interesting and thanks.
@MJGrilliot. Thanks.
@turrizal. Thanks.
@TheOnlyCdorsey. Thanks.
Shark Tank is a dead Friday night filler compared to the Apprentice which has been number one show for week in the T. V. ratings!
@paul1994loan. Thanks.
@David18Graham. Thanks David.
Our leaders are terrible. The government spends over $50B a day.  It can’t find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! Sad!
The countdown is on. The 13th season of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC premieres this Sunday March 3rd at 9PM EST on @nbc. Big!
The $85B sequester is just 2% of Obama's $3.5T record deficit spending budget.  Our leaders are ruining our children's future.
Obama is making speeches excoriating the Republicans, and they never answer back. Why aren’t they fighting?
@JMarkTiller  Thanks.
@RPMNANA Thanks, good question/good point.
@bethosborne14 Thanks.
@JUrciuoli19  I will.
@anchantra  Thanks--the big question is why!
.@MarissaMayer is right to expect Yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs. working at home. She is doing a great job!
An individual, whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns, has turned his attention to me.....
...So far, he has been a complete failure at doing so. He should read The Art of the Deal and use his energy to focus on a new career.
The media is so in the tank for Obama that it is amazing—the funny thing is, he can’t stand them!
Speaker John Boehner, who I like, should never have agreed to raise taxes because the Republicans got absolutely nothing for it!
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
People buy deals &amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals..
.... It is a very effective &amp; commonly used business tool.
@RoxanneQuintana  Thanks Roxanne.
@dynomike3 Hi Mikey--work hard and good luck.
@jaderomaine  Thanks and good luck!
@JUrciuoli19 Very good!
Whenever one of the morons say I wear a wig, stop reading because they have no credibility &amp; just hate.
Why do losers &amp; haters always say I wear a “wig” when they know I don’t. Like it or not, it’s all mine—just ask Barbara Walters.
How did you like Michelle Obama’s bangs last night?
Last night William Shatner had more airtime than any winner. It should have been called the William Shatner show...
...Overall, the Academy Awards were very average at best.
@FL_RichieRich. Great.
@Arjuwan. Great and thanks.
@5thmcfly. In April - thanks.
I'll be doing Fox and Friends this morning at seven.
I've had enough of this - good night!
Jane Fonda and Michael Douglas look great!
The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty?
Sorry, I never went bankrupt and don't wear a wig (it's all mine)!
Anne Hathaway is a good winner!
@ScottFlakne. Thanks Scott.
Lincoln never sounded like that!
Shirley B did a very good job singing Goldfinger! Not easy.
Very tacky set!
Django Unchained is the most racist movie I have ever seen, it sucked!
You are right-more like the opening of the Tonys.
I don't like the opening even a little bit!
How do you like Seth and Oscars so far?
Here we go with the Oscars!
@alexleiser33. Thanks Alex.
@MKasun. Thanks.
Congrats to @JimmieJohnson, a great guy, on winning Daytona!
@wobby_sobby wow Timmy;thanks..
Dummy goAngelo, keep letting people know how great my shirts, ties and cufflinks (also Success) are at Macy's.The BEST-now everyone's aware!
Come on goAngelo, don't give up now just because your "rally" at Macy's drew only eleven people for twenty minutes! I love@ Macy's.
By popular demand, I will be tweeting on the very tainted Academy Awards tonight!
I'm saying that the Tea Party, perhaps by another name, will soon have another big moment- and will be a major factor in victory!
Why didn't movie Lincoln use Ford's Theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater?
Big response to my Tea Party statement-remember they were never fully energized by Romney campaign and will have far more power with time.
Republicans better start listening to and respecting the Tea Party!
@BeaumontAnthony. Next Sunday!
@farm_mom. True.
I hope Oprah gives Lance Armstrong 100 million dollars because that's what that ridiculous interview will cost him!
@japotter81. It will be great.
@ringalenegotti. Thanks.
@BillWhiteNY. Thanks Bill!
@RifenburgTweets. Thanks.
@TheCrystaShow. Thanks Crysta!
@robertgwinjr. I hope so!
I will be on@gretawire tonight at 10 P.M. Now I know she will get great ratings!
Lance Armstrong is now being sued by Fed Govt-what was he thinkking?
@JoeQuinn6. Thanks Joe.
@Shopgirlusa. Good idea.
@piano807  Thanks!
@ErolYalim  Yes, she is very tall--5'10"
@Legit73791728 Thank you.
@Ukfan71  Thanks.
@Kennyshosho  Thanks!
“In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten...
...then he who continues the attack wins.” - Ulysses S. Grant
For the Republicans to have any success these next two years, they must have a long game plan...
...  Doesn’t seem like they have a coherent strategy right now.
Vince McMahon @WWE and I hold the all-time ratings &amp; pay-per-view record in the history of wrestling.
The PGA tour just extended my Trump Doral contract for WGC for ten years.
Enjoyed my visit to Trump Doral in Miami yesterday. Looking forward to returning for the WGC-@Cadillac Championship on March 6th-10th...
... Will be there front &amp; center along with the 70 greatest players in the world. WGC-@Cadillac Championship
What would All-Star @ApprenticeNBC be w/out a Baldwin? @StephenBaldwin7 is at the top of his game this season. Our fans will be happy.
I've just done a major Dateline for NBC - March 3rd just ahead of Apprentice.
@MandasueHeller. A Hall.
Drew Peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty!
“Positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking...
... It is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative.” – Think Big
China is not our friend. They are not our ally. They want to overtake us, and if we don’t get smart and tough soon, they will.
Congrats to Miss Universe 2011 @RealLeilaLopes &amp; @Giant great @OsiUmenyiora on their engagement! I am very happy for you both.
Twitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts.
Only 10 more days until the premiere of All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. On March 3rd at 9PM EST @NBC the fireworks return to the Board Room!
My Twitter has been seriously hacked--- and we are looking for the perpetrators.
@JamesRobert_  Hi Robert--good luck.
If you think we have a problem with Social Security and Medicare now, try taking in millions of new citizens all at once.
Republicans must be careful with immigration—don’t give our country away.
John McCain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. They really went after him!
.@mcuban, you were excellent on Howard Stern...thanks for the nice comments about my kids...yours are winners also!
@Jamyawh. Thanks, great.
@trooper0017. Thanks.
@SandyOgg1. Thanks Sandy.
@lp084. Thanks.
@MegaLouise88. O.K. write me.
@jennymorris427.  Thanks Jenny.
@ff3476. Great.
@InNovember2012. Thanks.
@AndeyR. Thanks Andey.
@AndreaMoorehous. Thanks.
@Katt8808. Thanks K.
@RobertSuppa. Thanks
@Yolie4MS. Loser!
@alan_liljegren. Thanks Alan.
@michaellunsford. Thanks Michael.
@RothsteinTravis.  Art of the Deal.
@Maybach_Zach. Thanks.
@michaellunsford. Thanks.
@chrisbarno. Great Chris.
@sufiology. Thanks.
@MichaelRubinton. Thanks.
@LivesayRobin. Thanks.
Wow, Macy's numbers just in-Trump is doing better than ever - thanks for your great support!
@OnMyLevelLopez. That's why you're a failure!
@jschwab2. Thanks.
@RickyTheBitch. Thanks.
@FrankMDavisJR. Thanks.
@zachcb1. Thanks.
@sebspikes. Thanks.
@MissyNewman12. Thanks.
@marksrink. A toy next to The Apprentice -  just a friday fill in!
@CATHCO9. Thanks.
@piersmorgan. Thanks Piers, you helped make it so!
@tonytan0.  Thanks Tony.
THE APPRENTICE. - 10 years, 182 shows - many at number one for week or night -Amazing! @NBC
...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties."  Harry S. Truman
@America4RandR.  Thanks!
@iCyberSurfer Thanks Paul.
@leatherneck03  Thanks and good luck!
@Barbaric_Yawwp.  Sadly, it's worthless!
@mldemmons.  Go Angelo failed and gave up - now wants more p.r.  - loser!
@LoadedNightclub. Thanks.
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.  - Douglas MacArthur
@MrMokelly.  Dopey, nobody is laughing at me!
I am hearing that @NRCC Digital Director @lansing is doing great work expanding and modernizing @GOP social media.  Good – we need it.
I had amazing time in Charlotte. Great people &amp; many new friends. I look forward to coming back very soon. Congrats to Gavin &amp; Staff.
Former winner @bretmichaels  returns to All-Star @ApprenticeNBC March 3rd on @NBC. Bret shows once again why he is a champion!
.@DianneG @WCNC  To the “news bigs” --  elevate Dianne Gallagher  immediately—she is terrific!
The Oscar Pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to me—a very sad situation for everyone!
I’m really saddened to see that @Cher was voted “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to @listverse....
Looks like a lawsuit against GoAngelo won’t work—my ties &amp; shirts doing too well at Macy’s--he's actually helping. I have no damages!
My ties &amp; shirts at Macy’s are doing great. Stupid @GoAngelo is making people aware of how good they are!
Dummy @GoAngelo who had 11 people show up for 15 min. at his “massive” rally at Macy’s is trying to get publicity for self by using me
@tommo1903 Thanks Craig!
@josephc45  Do you understand sarcasm?
@TGSituation  Thanks Tyler.
@walexjoe9   Thanks!
@bguzqueda Thanks Boris, good luck.
@Josephciarla Thanks Joseph.
Review your work habits &amp; make sure they are taking you in the right direction. Don't tread water--get out there and go for it.
@paul1994loan Chicago is a great city and we have the most beautiful location. Yes, it's doing well! Thanks.
@angieevanhorn  Thanks Angie for your comments.
@scottgray0622  Thanks Scott. .
@TaylorSangOrDie Focus on your goals, work hard and never give up. Good luck!
@JerryYanks  Thanks Jerry. Good luck.
@scifivision @CelebApprentice  Thanks Jamie. Tune in March 3rd for the new season--you'll love it.
@BobLo_Lady  Thanks.
@Ralphige Thanks!
@tylerponton I will.
@louriz  Thanks Lou.
Re: Success-- Don't put blinders on and do not limit yourself; reach out, seek and explore. Think big at all times.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning.
@ilevitan.  Number one rated hotel in Toronto--and getting even better!  Best wishes.
@SHANEDIESEL777.  Thanks.
@mrstuckerx.  Thanks.
Too many people rely on auto correct...an assistant of mine apologizes!
The many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful!
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline.  OPEC is laughing at us.
Idiot @billmaher always forgets to mention that I am suing him to collect the $5M for charity, that he expressly offered.
“Being an entrepreneur is a big task. So what can you do to prepare? First and foremost, expand your focus.” - Midas Touch
@Diego_Arria.  I hear you are doing great! Take care of yourself.
Dianne Gallagher @DianneG is a great reporter for News Channel 36 in Charlotte, NC. Fantastic interview--thanks!
All-Star @ApprenticeNBC, premiering March 3rd on @NBC, features terrific TV stars competing in the toughest tasks yet. Will be great.
Great to see @Yankees Captain Derek Jeter back on the field.  He will have another great season and make NYC proud again.
Listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. Use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go.
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once--a formidable combination.
@KayWiggs  Thanks!
Jerry Buss was a great guy and friend. He will be missed!
@TJKnox8.    Thanks.
@SucioGato.  Thanks.
@gwhitttttton.  Thanks!
I am surprised that Hugo Chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition!
I said gas prices would sky rocket after election - Opec payback!
@erinstockwell.  Thanks.
@marissanail25.  Thanks
Great going.
If I’m the third most envied man in America, the small group of haters and losers must be nauseas.
Wow—Family Feud said I am the third most envied man in America. I respectfully disagree—I am very modest.
“If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter.” - George Washington
Looks like @bwilliams is having some problems with his Rock Center with Brian Williams show--I hate to see such bad ratings for @NBC.
@goonerdad52  Hi Chris.
@jrzbeach  Thanks Eileen!
Chuck Hagel’s nomination has been held up for at least 12 more days.  A lot can happen.
People have been asking to hear my Howard Stern interview—you can access it on @HowardTV.
The American-US Airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares.
@gleasondp  Good idea.
@mistdriscoll  Thanks, see you tomorrow.
@RealMissHIUSA13  Thanks Brianna!
@chrisgd61 @ApprenticeNBC @OMAROSA @THEGaryBusey  March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC
@Craigkotter Thanks--will be great!
All-Star @ApprenticeNBC has done the impossible. TV's greatest villain @OMAROSA &amp; @THEGaryBusey are in competition. Fireworks!
@bryanbrager #1 = be passionate. If you love what you're doing, success will follow. With passion, discouragement can't take hold.
I never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be there--and in the same way, you shouldn’t want to be there, either.
@Reed11593  Thanks Adam!
@brandonarantes  That's right, hard work it is. But worth it.
@mattdaddyX6  Thank you.
@nydave77  Keep at it!
@philegl That's good news! Congrats.
Remember, if you don't promote yourself, then no one else will! Likewise, believe in yourself--or no one else will either.
Success is good. Success with significance is even better. Work on what you will be proud to be associated with--make your work count.
@Cynlanjoh Keep up the good work Cynthia.
@Preppermeister  Thanks and good luck.
“Do not give in to anger. It destroys your focus on goals and ruins your concentration.” – Think Big
@MooreReva  Good. Never give up!
@WRousey @marklevinshow Thanks Will.
@DomMarino21 Thanks Dom.
@hosscasey  Happy birthday Matt.
@sfyfe_n Thanks Neil.
@RuRu_89 thanks
@rosscooker thanks
If you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers, then you haven’t spent enough time on it.
@JMBruh @jdmael  Complete is good.
Take responsibility for yourself--it's a very empowering attitude.
@sassy_grunch @Joan_Rivers @ApprenticeNBC  Seriously!
@MichaelJDGregor  You're absolutely right.
Thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews.  Much appreciated.
@MamaBabyHood Thanks--keep up the good work.
@Andresrojas35 Thank you Andy and best wishes to you.
@mandielaurin Good!
@jdmael Watch what happens, dummy--it won't be pretty.
@nwsocialist Dopey--Big success and great for Scotland!
Obama vacationing in West Palm Beach starting tomorrow. He should play a round at Trump Int'l Golf Club - #1 rated course in Florida.
@MicRoger  You're right--billions.
@JohnSSaba It will be great--thanks.
@EAWIII @MELANIATRUMP  Thank you Edward.
@KayBee0h @acnnews And I look forward to it--big crowd.
@mayorgas  Good! and good luck!
@makeupwithme7 Thanks--work hard every day!
@PlsCloneNugent  Thanks Susan.
.@GOP need to face reality – not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote Republican.
The Tea Party is filled with great Americans.  Despite being mistreated by everyone, including @GOP, they will continue to fight on
@jason23_9 @deesnider @ApprenticeNBC  March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC.
Everyone's favorite frontman, Twisted Sister  lead singer @deesnider returns to this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. Dee does great!
I believe in free markets but allowing a merger of US Air &amp; American Airlines is totally ridiculous! Will control most of US market.
If US Air and American Airlines are allowed to merge, we are back to the days of “monopoly.”
@foodnfocus Happy Valentine's Day!
@tonystang Thanks Tony, good luck.
Really enjoyed my interview with @marklevinshow. He is terrific!
@hialexcarlson Thanks--just common sense.
@DorianDehari  Thanks Dorian--it pays to persevere.
@alexlyonnn @KendallMcVey  Sounds interesting.
@David_S_Ballard  True!
@meliabila Great--and good luck!
@thomasfuller46 @IvankaTrump  Thanks Thomas!
@HisBloodSaves Great school--thanks!
Congrats @TrumpToronto for being ranked #1 on @TripAdvisor and a Travellers' Choice 2013 Winner!
@McHaleFrank Thanks and good luck.
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you’re expanding your net worth.
@EvaMannarino Hi Evelina.
@gilbertobm Thanks Gilberto and good luck.
@Goofyname  March 3rd, 9 PM EST on NBC.
Paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests.
@RACentrone  Thanks Robert.
@MaryGraceDH @TrumpToronto  Thanks.
@uptownfrills @ApprenticeNBC Definitely exciting.
@uptownfrills  True!
@dtcairney Great success!
@ElishaNEWS  Thanks.
@RayshaCanup  Will be great--thanks.
If US Air &amp; American Airlines are allowed to merge, ticket prices will skyrocket—there will  be no competition.
It is important to think positively. Negative thinking will kill your focus and destroy any chance you have of being successful.
@JUrciuoli19 Happy birthday!
Wow, Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower Toronto was just ranked #1 out of 138 hotels in Toronto! @TrumpToronto
“Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.” – Pres. John F. Kennedy
What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and follow it.
You've got something unique to offer--find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Innovation can follow..
@chinnis_28  Today.
Be focused, be disciplined, be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
@marrs_cat Sounds like a good idea to me!
@bragg_tina Thanks--read my books, they can help.
Whatever you are doing right now, make sure to stop for a minute, focus and ask yourself “Am I thinking BIG?”
@JAMES_G_W  Dummy, I never went bankrupt.
@ECNew_York  Thanks!
@yadapup I will try!
@paulkay220  Great and thanks Paul.
@CaptainNdiet  It will be great!
Speaking to a record crowd of over 20,000 people in Charlotte Arena this Saturday morning—look forward to it!
@TheJBish @billmaher You are right but I always believe in hitting back--and thanks.
@BeanAnn  Wall Street Journal &amp; lots of others, including television.
@79Rose79 I was never a big fan of Bush--he gave us Obama.
@mrdemain27 Thanks Darren.
She’s back! Champion @Joan_Rivers returns to the boardroom in this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. Joan is ferocious.
@MamaBabyHood  Work hard, focus, be persistent and think smart.
@mattwalker1809 Anytime!
@BeckettGOP Thanks Brian and good luck.
@JulesPQ Thanks--glad it was good.
@DellaAdame Much worse!
@Emeka89 Thanks!
@steffanpiper Very good!
@Sunderscore20 Very nice--thank you!
@jma187 @billmaher Interesting!
@KenToidi8 @billmaher Yes, but we must act soon.
@droppinloads29 @billmaher @Rosie But Rosie is smarter than @billmaher
.@SenRandPaul’s Tea Party rebuttal to Obama’s SOTU explained why limited government promotes freedom. Well done!
Looking forward to being interviewed on the @marklevinshow tonight at 6:30 PM EST.  Be sure to listen!
Next time Marco Rubio should drink his water from a glass as opposed to a bottle—would have much less negative impact.
Marco Rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech!
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
@NMcCay  Yes.
@ZKoppe Work hard!
Pay attention to global news and developments--in today's world that is a requirement, not an elective.
@nydave77 Good luck!
@ixfor  Okay, great!
@amelionaire69 Thanks Amelia!
@jesslivin Hi Jessica and thanks.
@KariDAway2388 Thanks Kari.
@JarredPolseno Thanks Jarred.
@DalHines  Thanks--they are good kids!
“The harder you work, the luckier you  get.” - Gary Player
@AmitchellMo Recognize the opportunity, focus on it, and don't give up. Luck is often earned.
@TRACECOWGIRL @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice .@TraceAdkins is a fantastic guy!
@rubletz True--isn't it sad!
@eddiecash23 Great and best of luck!
@RVPAndrewZ Looking forward to it--thanks.
@parrguy Thanks Tom.
When will people realize that @billmaher is not an intellectual, but actually a rather dumb guy—just look at his past.
@ellis38671w Thanks--work hard &amp; good luck.
@harrell_kelly Thanks Kelly.
@EAWIII  Thanks and good luck.
@madisonjar  Yes.
@JUrciuoli19 Not a bad idea--thanks!
@Justinjacosalem Thanks--but they should get a life.
@Belloved21  Very nice, thanks Rachel.
@assyrianvoice Thanks.
@bfree007 Definitely worth it.
Every business has surprises, hidden dangers beneath the surface, and little known opportunities that can lead to huge success.
@parisitony Just a small percentage.
@kevinrleyland  Interesting!
@UTCRAGER Thanks.
@OpskopPromosies  Hello.
@toyeenb @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC  True!
@mayorgas Thanks!
“Successful people don't have fewer problems.They have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward.” Dr. Benjamin Carson
NY should frack now. What’s the hold up? Is Albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class?
@kateywhitey I am right--current tense.
@scottjfata I like Joe Paterno and his family.
@BCDorris @piersmorgan @ApprenticeNBC Well, Trace will now have a second chance.
I went to Wharton, made over $8 billion, employ thousands of people &amp; get insulted by morons who can’t get enough of me on twitter...!
@pathselo  Good luck!
@Traceybabe8  Work hard and keep at it!
@carsenadeline Yes, absolutely. There are always opportunities and therefore hope. Good luck Carsen!
@DougTammy14  Thanks Doug, Skylar and Tammy.
Check @billmaher’s background &amp; you will find he is not a smart guy—he just wants people to think he is--just call him dummy.
I don’t know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy @billmaher but have an obligation to charity to bring it.
Surprised @Eagles signed Michael Vick yesterday to be their 2013 QB. Vick is  talented but brittle &amp; probably won't last long.
The President’s speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare. The Republicans don’t know how to handle that—I do.
@wmtoddc  Keep your vision intact -- be positively persistent.
Will the Keystone XL pipeline finally be approved? Will create over 100,000 jobs and make us more energy independent.
@Millionayer  Hi and thanks.
To all young college graduates – stick in there, keep your head up and make sure you don’t miss any opportunities. They are out there.
Have confidence, work hard, and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind.
Always pretend that you’re working for yourself. You’ll do a wonderful job. It’s simple, but it works.
Magician extraordinaire @pennjillette is back in the All-Star @ApprenticeNBC. This time he has even more tricks up his sleeve.
How can any Senator vote for Hagel as Sec. of Defense after that horrific hearing? He is not up for the job but will probably get it.
The new course at Trump International Scotland will be a par-72 layout, with five sets of tees ranging from 7,540 yards to 5,630.
My Doral Country Club purchase was made just before Miami real estate market went through the roof—good timing!
Sorry, but @piersmorgan is a good &amp; smart man who is doing really well. That’s why he won @ApprenticeNBC.
It’s okay but why do the haters (&amp; losers) want to follow me on twitter?? Get a life!
While in Charlotte this weekend will visit my Trump National Golf Club on Lake Norman—a magnificent place &amp; doing really well!
Going to Charlotte, NC to speak before more than 20,000 people on Saturday morning—total sellout crowd—will be great!
Preview of Obama’s SOTU: More taxes, bigger government, shrink the private sector, end the Republicans &amp; bankrupt the country. Enjoy!
I endorsed a book on ObamaCare &amp; it just went to #2 on the New York Times bestseller list!
What do you think of my suing @billmaher for $5M for charity? He made an offer, I accepted.
Can you imagine if @billmaher said about Obama what he said about me (orangutan etc)—the press would run him out of the country...
... but @billmaher is allowed to say that about me.
A mediocre person tells. A good person explains. A superior person demonstrates....
... A great person inspires others to see for themselves. – Harvey Mackay
Had a great time hosting the Palm Beach County Republican at Mar-a-Lago.  @IngrahamAngle gave a strong speech.  She’s great!
.@KarlRove is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party.
I don’t like bullies.  I am not going to stand around and watch @KarlRove target the Tea Party.  Karl Rove gave us Barack Obama. Loser.
Congratulations to my friend @RoccoMediate on winning the big golf tournament today!
.@BillMaher's so called show on HBO must be the cheapest "special" produced in the history of television--- it sucks!
How does @HBO employ @BillMaher with a pathetic show that he does---- what kind of "a special" is that? Complete garbage!
Dummy @BillMaher forgot to say that he made an absolute offer which I accepted. Hopefully, charity gets $5M dollars.
@JAKESTADGANGSTA Thanks Jake.
@MrCunningham89 Thanks Cam.
@Tahanigoingpro Thanks.
@MaryGraceDH Good!
@JXGriffen  Be confident, pay attention--and good luck.
@Ferretti911 Keep your focus and never give up.
No person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. - Samuel Goldwyn
@MisterEspinal  Thank you.
@hoylier I was never a fan or defender of Bush.
@macbenz46 @southsalem But he will get it!
@chrisr52  Thanks, I am.
@darrengiven Thanks Darren.
@notdevondalton  Thank her for me!
@BGoldsmith26 Yes, if they fight!
@ATunaMeltOnRye  Good idea.
@EdwardAshton30  Thanks.
@jeff_m_hamilton It's about time!
@lucasg203 Good luck!
Being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You have to trust yourself and your instincts.
.@karlrove’s ad is the best thing that ever happened to Ashley Judd—simply increases her profile.
@karlrove is a total loser...save your money!
See the Ashley Judd ad by @karlrove and you will definitely vote for her and love Obama.
@karlrove Ashley Judd ad makes her and Obama look great...nobody wastes money like Karl Rove!
Is @karlrove incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory!
The dollar always talks in the end--although our pols are killing the dollar!
@Adetonaoris Great, good luck.
@noslenevets  I agree.
@citychik_  Thanks Andrea and good luck.
Can you imagine if Bush’s administration drafted a memo legalizing the killing of Americans?! Democrats are such hypocrites.
@chocolateB4bed  Thanks Michael.
@AfricanPriest Thanks.
China keeps manipulating its currency at our financial expense.  Why do our leaders continually let China run all over us?
@jkells2005 Know everything you can (update daily) &amp; cover your bases.
Develop your gut instincts and act on them. You will have your biggest successes when you go with your gut--but be very smart &amp; careful.
@Derrick503 The golden rule of negotiation = He who has the gold makes the rules. Read Art of the Deal &amp; How To Get Rich.
@bahia6085 Thanks Suz for your comments.
Back by popular demand, this year’s All-Star @ApprenticeNBC sees the return of @claudiajordan! Our fans love her.
@rayk71 Happy Birthday Ray.
@yesterdaybyurs Take the time to make it great.
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Be reasonable and flexible, and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from.
@tbott22 @HowardStern  Thanks.
@Jconstantinides @HowardStern  Thanks Jimmy.
@saseret12  True, and thank you.
@EWErickson @hunterbaker Erick--Thanks--and that was an easy one--closed for eight years!
@NathalieS_29 Once again, thanks Nathalie.
@clar68 Great, thanks.
@DJColes1 Great! Good luck.
@Candi2577  Great! Keep working hard.
@SOcean5 Interesting!
@EdwardAshton30 Thanks--food for thought!
@ericboucher True!
@denoforensics 100% true.
@jayceemccain Thanks and good luck.
@MooreReva @TMZ @HarveyLevinTMZ @billmaher Keep fighting and learning!
@Lurdkberry Thanks.
@Russ_Steinberg  Be careful!
@scmaness Thanks!
@aaapgs  Thank you, nice work.
@zniosdig @MELANIATRUMP  Very kind, thanks.
@MegMMurphy @HowardStern @IvankaTrump Thanks a lot Megan.
@ColeneChia116  Thanks Colene--very nice! Keep up the good work.
Karl Rove’s strategy and commercials were the worst I have ever seen.
Karl Rove is a total loser. Money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain.
Why are people giving money to Karl Rove when he just wasted $400M without any victories? Use your head.
@SocialMediaBowl  I have just responded!
@erikcantu Even better, government kills by drones but we can't even own guns.  Thanks Erik.
@DORISARTIST  Thanks Doris.
@pizzaman77 In retrospect I agree with you.
@Tiramis81858117 Wow--thanks.
@pennjillette Thanks Penn, will be interesting--see you soon!
@EdwardAshton30  Yes.
Knowledge requires patience; action requires courage.  Put patience and courage together and you’ll be a winner.
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunites &amp; possibilities &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
@ST33LY_DAN @HowardStern  Thanks!
@HancockMariana Thanks.
Democrats try so hard to mock &amp; belittle Republicans—&amp; the Republicans just don’t fight back—no energy!
Obama can kill Americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowed—only in America!
@georgeNedelkof1 True and thanks!
@BarkyJason  Thanks.
@tomkatz @sternshow  Thanks Tom.
@MichaelCoffey1  I hope so!
@Iggy_Rodriguez Great--and great city!
@Jagadis63 Thank you.
@markrucci @e_hig  Great going Mark.
@IdiotSavant24 @billmaher Thanks!
@JoanneEileen Thank you.
@AGNateLee  Great!
“If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under.”- Ronald Reagan (Feb. 6, 1911–June 5, 2004)
@jeannewmanglock  In Charlottesville, Virginia...
People like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable, that I work quickly, and that they will be treated fairly.
@ZWLykins  @JohnnyPaulCole Your upgrade has been granted &amp; noted by the front desk. Have a wonderful time at Trump International Las Vegas.
@cmtoms101 @RightWingB Thanks, enjoy.
@MFBrooklyn True and thank you.
@odogpundit Thanks Owen.
@Jaine004 Thanks Jane.
@RicardoHernanG @CelebApprentice  Thanks Ricardo.
@DeedsJames  Thanks.
Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Happy 102nd birthday to President Ronald Reagan. Every day that passes, Reagan's presidency looks better and better.
Congratulations to @gretawire on the 11 year anniversary of @FoxNews 'On the Record.' Always enjoy being interviewed by Greta. She's great.
@JohnnyPaulCole @ZWLykins Okay thanks.
@ZWLykins @JohnnyPaulCole  What are the dates for the hotel stay?
Wow- no longer Saturday delivery from U.S. Postal Service- no money- our poor, poor Country!
.@NBA Hall of Famer @dennisrodman rebounds for a tremendous performance in his return to this year's All-Star @ApprenticeNBC! Great guy!
@phillykayman @sternshow  Thanks Andrew.
@TheRaja22 @sternshow Thanks.
Keep your momentum. Without momentum, a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
@SMarsh7818 @Stern100 Thanks and that's good news. Good luck.
@jtthebossman Thanks Jack!
@JoeStocks Thanks--will do.
@paulmilton28 @HowardStern Thanks Paul.
@PIERPAOLOMONNI @UncleRUSH  Thanks.
@bahia6085 True and thank you.
@spewrange @sternshow Thanks.
@NASCARNAC Thanks Ric.
@DerekPringle2 Appears that you are.
Look at the solution, not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results.
@NathalieS_29  Thanks Nathalie.
@moogoo3544 Thanks.
The best deals are good for everyone, which creates a win-win situation. Negotiation is persuasion more than power.
@KatherineTrunk Thank you.
@neilcromie Be smart &amp; work hard!
@jayknowles1978 Just the beginning!
@HaiderMadHatter Speak to Vince.
@ZWLykins @JohnnyPaulCole  Which hotel?
“You should always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services. I do it all the time.” – Think Like a Billionaire
Immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the Republicans—for the worse!
Re: immigration. Do the Republicans not realize that Dems will get 100% of 11 million votes no matter what they do?
Again, immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country. That’s what’s happening!
Had a great time on the @HowardStern show this morning—he will and should never change!
@missshavon1 @CelebApprentice Thanks, coming up soon, March 3rd.
“Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.The  excitement is playing the game.”–The Art of The Deal
@nick_burrell  The Art of the Deal.
Thanks @SherriEShepherd 4 your nice comments today on The View. U were terrific!
@gordondhue Thanks.
“Don't bunt. Aim out of the ball park. Aim for the company of immortals.” - David Ogilvy
@destinywyatt11 True!
@festenoc True and thanks.
@MaryRosesGarden  Mary--Great!
@chriswerner1988  Great--thank you!
@cheftramonto Keep going!
@JohnMark88  Thanks.
@toddclark  True and thanks.
With the record high February gas prices hurting the economy, even more reason to start fracking.  Will create jobs &amp; lower prices.
Glad to hear @BrentBozell, @marklevinshow, @EWErickson &amp; @TPPatriots are standing up to @KarlRove’s attack on the Tea Party.
Trump @DoralResort is hosting the WGC @cadillacchamp from March 6th – 10th.  Join me--I will be there all four days.
.@BrandenRoderick returns in All-Star @ApprenticeNBC  2001 Playmate of the Year is a determined competitor. She is terrific!
A top firm like Cooley will only submit a case they believe in and can win.
The big and highly respected Cooley LLP is handling the @billmaher case for me.
@e_hig  Hi Erica...and thanks.
@TNHicks  She was great!
@tomeitel @MattAdamsFoL  Great!
@1967porky  Yes.
@MassBucketry Then why do you follow me dummy!
@darleneflaherty  He was great--loved Kew Forest.
@klshrew  Nice--thanks.
@MdAhGOD  Work hard (and smart!)
@Brendamckinley  They were amazing, thanks!
@CathyConstanti1 @billmaher  Thanks!
@groovyhank  Thanks.
@loisleyn Thanks.
@RAPGAMEORTIZ Thanks--work hard.
@18_Chaz No discounts, only penalties!
@thisdj84 Yes--leadership!
@ErolYalim  Could be true--thanks.
@DrewMillington Actually, too many to pick one.
@995mu Wow--that would certainly be interesting.
Ask: Is there anyone else who can do this better than I can?That’s just another way of saying know yourself &amp; know your competition.
Then ask: What am I pretending not to see? These two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers.
To entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees, so make it an example that will best serve your success.
Wise words from my mother:  “Trust in God and be true to yourself.”  Mary MacLeod Trump
Wise words from my father:  “Know everything you can about what you’re doing.”   Fred C. Trump
@ErolYalim  Thanks and yes.
Gas prices are going up big league—I told you so—payback to OPEC!
$4 gasoline – wow—OPEC is very happy!
I am a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
@maggiedubh  Yes.
@tsecor Sorry, have to be a member.
@jeremygreen98 @Yankees   Yes.
@jamester49 Good luck.
@BeaumontAnthony @marklevinshow Thanks Anthony.
@omz213  Yes!
@TiffanyBrownInc  Yes and thanks.
@hellcat1963 @MailOnline A great beauty!
“I also plan to keep making deals, big deals, and right around the clock.” – The Art of The Deal
“Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you.” -- @UncleRUSH
Victoria's Secret reps were nasty to @KateUpton and now she is doing great.
@z7one  March 3rd, 9 pm EST on @NBC
.@marklevinshow has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently. He has a fantastic radio show that I always enjoy!
@robblapp True and thanks!
@jchorvath11 Thank you.
@misskhan Very nice--thanks again.
@BobHapka @sdoocy  Thanks!
If Karl Rove &amp; @GOP Establishment continue to attack the Tea Party, who delivered in 2010, then there will be a 3rd Party in 2016.
@PRW_StaysFresh That's good news!
@Asklepios333 True and not good!
@mktgdynamo @foxandfriends  Thanks.
@DavidBarringer2  That's right.
@GP237 Thanks--my honor!
@VuyolwethuManka Thank you very much.
@exider2010  And that's okay.
@EdwardAshton30 True and true!
@GradyMc Sadly, that's right.
I am very proud of my friend @OMAROSA. Despite her recent loss,she gracefully performs in the upcoming All-Star @ApprenticeNBC
I don’t know whether I will win or lose the @billmaher lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity.
.@BillMaher didn’t come through with his promised $5 million for charity so today I will sue him.
@misskhan  Thank you.
I picked seven Super Bowl winners in a row &amp; would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag.
The Country is being run just like the stadium.
The lights went out in New Orleans...the Country's lights went out also. We are not the same place!
@minlarrycornel  Thanks!
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation comes from.
@JNorr11  Many thanks.
@jaypward  Thanks Jay.
Ask yourself, "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if hard times hit.
Instinct has a lot to do with timing. You have to be patient &amp; wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
“Partnerships also require negotiation. It should be a win-win setup. Otherwise, it’s not a partnership.” – ‘Midas Touch'
@Chiamboy8  Thanks for your kind thoughts, I love S.I.
@DrewHemijk  Thanks Drew. Good luck.
@JohnNyire1  True--good luck!
@TerryScotland @AlexSalmond  Which they should!
@bennypagejr  Best buildilng and service.
@Mr_Oghene  Great--enjoy!
@SteelMagn New York.
As promised, my @SuperBowl pick is the San Francisco @49ers.
@nmbr8 @CelebApprentice  Thanks Deanna.
@JackieDee16 @CelebApprentice  March 3rd 9 pm EST on NBC
The upcoming All-Star @CelebApprentice puts the celebrities under the hardest tasks we have ever given.  We really pushed the envelope
“Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.” - Abraham Lincoln
Hagel's performance yesterday was the worst I have ever seen before a committee of any kind!
Chuck Hagel showed gross incompetence before yesterdays Senate panel...our new Secretary of Defense.
Little @MacMiller—I have more hair than you do and there’s a slight age difference.
@politcnews  Thanks--that's Trump International Hotel &amp; Tower.
@minlarrycornel @FOXSports   I agree.
@Hantas88 Not even a little bit--thanks.
Little @MacMiller, I’m now going to teach you a big boy lesson about lawsuits and finance. You ungrateful dog!
Little @MacMiller, I want the money not the plaque you gave me!
Little @MacMiller, you illegally used my name for your song “Donald Trump” which now has over 75 million hits.
“Let other people talk.  Any business conversation should be two-sided.” – Think Like a Billionaire
The real estate market in Vietnam is booming.  Growth is everywhere in the world, except for the US.
Yes, I will give my @SuperBowl pick tomorrow.  Watch @_KatherineWebb cover it on @InsideEdition.
Everyone is asking if and when I will endorse a candidate in the NYC mayoral race.  Doing my due diligence…
@dirkbockel  Thanks and good luck.
@TiffanyBrownInc @MacMiller  Not really!
@ktsarita  Good ideas and hard work!
@brianchampagne @oliviaculpo  Olivia is great--x10.
@StuartyPhilpott @johfax  I have a 93% approval rating in Scotland.
@NYCTiggy  3 minutes.
@RFussell Good idea!
.@IvankaTrump, @EricTrump &amp; @DonaldJTrumpJr take no prisoners in  boardroom of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice. Where do they get it from?
Big news—WOW—U.S. economy shrinks!
.@CNBC Titans: Donald Trump’ is available to live stream on @netflix and @hulu.  Watch!
Just did an interview with my friend @MarkSimoneNY.  Congratulations to Mark on his new show on @WOR710.
@ccade937  Thanks Cynthia.
@mala13slp @BarackObama  True!
@Orangepop911 I do!
@TBrown2334  Not good!
@TheGnomeAbides Thanks.
@MikeKunert @JerryRice True.
@jeffcdl  That is indeed true!
@Jim_W_Magee Thank you!
@CJohnson623  Only "one of"-- but thanks!
@Rapone91 I agree!
@gotowardsthesun Good luck!
@Frankb550  Thanks.
... will happen when you go against the tide; when you take a risk and it works." - Think Big
I don’t know why the @yankees keep paying A-Rod—they have a perfect out.
@Phatsdad  Thanks Roger--Ali was and is great!
@Santini1014  Thanks--a great building.
@firefighter8597  I love that idea!
@RaydelMusic  That's great--you will love what we are doing!
@mena_le  True!
@MaryBethTHM @TheRealMarilu @CelebApprentice  I agree!
Glad to hear @EWErickson has moved over to @FoxNews. Erick is a sharp political analyst.
Champion @bretmichaels is back competing in the upcoming "All-Star" @CelebApprentice. Premiere is March 3rd on @NBC at 9 p.m. EST.
“Remember people’s names and small details about them. Use both in conversation...
... People love to hear their names and their stories said out loud.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“You have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right.” – Think Big
Immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country! Sounds like that’s what’s happening.
The Republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and I said zero!
Randy Moss should not be bragging about himself—I’m the only one who is allowed to do that!
Randy Moss said he was the greatest receiver of all time—no way—it was @JerryRice!
@LoriWedgewood  Thanks.
@tjljunior @billmaher Let's see!
@VintageSmitty Eric--True!
@NLaSpada7  True!
@MaryBethTHM @TheRealMarilu @CelebApprentice  Marilu is a fantastic person &amp; really smart!
@cGjeezy Tea.
@donhall5  Don--a terrible story (fact).
@JustinHHSC  Wow--that's really nice!
@ErolYalim  Thanks Erol.
@bahia6085 @billmaher  Thanks--stay tuned.
@SPANISHFLYAR09 @IvankaTrump  Thanks Andy.
@wwws0  Wrong--built world's best golf course that is doing great!
@ridetheory  Horses went up also!
@LynnFiorenzano Thanks Lynn!
@largemarv74 @Yankees  Not even close but that doesn't matter!
@LeeSport7  Thanks--they are working on it.
@jamesche85 @Yankees  True!
@LetendreLarry Thanks Larry.
@MoeKharrazi  I love all sports!
@CherylCohen1  He's a druggie.
“Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war." The Art of The Deal
@DaraghRohan  Happy Birthday and good luck!
TV’s darling @TheRealMarilu is back in this year’s “All-Star” @CelebApprentice.  Marilu is a fierce competitor.
“If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel worn paths of accepted success.” - John D. Rockefeller
Two years ago I told everybody to start looking &amp; buying houses—I hope you listened! (but there is still time).
@ellie_sinclair  Thanks Ellie, I will.
@Mattingly27 @billmaher Stay tuned!
@SandyInu We'll see.
@Cletendre21 @LetendreLarry But not hard enough--good luck Chris.
@LetendreLarry  Larry, send the money to Police Athletic League, NYC.
@VictorFrisina Me too@ A great place.
“A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.” - Henry A. Kissinger
Still waiting to hear from @billmaher. Every day he dodges me is one less day that $5M is being used for charity.
.@TigerWoods is playing like his old self in the Farmers Insurance Open.  He will have a great year.
A-Rod should do the Yankees a favor and never play again.
I wonder how @JoeBiden feels after last night’s love fest between Obama and Hilary on @60Minutes. Can’t be too happy.
Is Gov. @BobbyJindal the stupid one for using the phrase “the stupid party” when referring to the Republicans?
Gov. @BobbyJindal referred to the Republicans as “the stupid party”. Now he has given Dems a phrase to use.
“60 Minutes” treats President Obama with kid gloves--- Mike Wallace is spinning in his grave!
Spain's government is closing down wind turbines--- the maintenance is higher than the income.
@hellcat1963  Thanks Ann.
@DanSchreibs  Dope!
@CHRIISXEDGE  Thanks Christopher.
@BeaumontAnthony @OMAROSA @latoyajackson @CelebApprentice  True!
“Always remember: Dress for the job you want, not the job you have.” – Think Like a Billionaire
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” - @jack_welch
Maybe I’m old fashioned but I don’t like seeing women in combat.
Lots of people are asking whether or not I should have run for President—stay tuned for the answer.
President Obama's inaugural had record low ratings. What does that portend?
.@lisarinna is at the top of her game in the upcoming season of @CelebApprentice All-Stars. Our fans love her.
The freezing cold weather across the country is brutal.  Must be all that global warming.
Wind turbine syndrome is affecting tremendous numbers of people in their wake—stop ugly turbines.
Got to know Senator @JohnKerry in Aspen, Colorado years ago—a very solid and stand-up guy.
@InTheHere  True!
@mfantauzzo1  Thanks Matt.
@GuinnessCode  True!
@MarcoMateoOchoa True!
@mjhockey113  Not much!
.@PhilMickels0n_  is right—California taxes are far too high. It’s ridiculous.
One of the country’s dumbest newspapers—The Palm Beach Post--should be put to sleep. It’s dying. @pbpost
Bought @JohnDeere stock a year ago for old fashioned reason—I love their product and service.
Wow, the ALIS just nominated my purchase of Doral in Miami as Transaction of the Year—thanks!
“One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.” – The Art of The Deal
It all comes down to one simple question: How much money can you stand to lose? That’s how much risk you should assume.
@Kevin_Johnson68 @trapasso2501 Happy Birthday.
@VoiceNationLIVE  Work hard and smart!
@burnerirons  Hi Nick.
“Don't find fault, find a remedy.” -- Henry Ford
@RDPomin  Everybody says that! Thanks.
@NurseRichRange @billmaher  Yes.
@Alyx518  And many other countries!
@DrakeFrisby   But I doubt it!
@hamodavo @PrimetimeEmmys  But true!
@scootysee My pleasure.
@Elliotg1959 Elliot--I just liked your tone--have a wonderful time at Doral.
@enjorgetamez  Great!
@DirksMathias  Thanks Dirks--my honor.
@freeillinois  Yes.
@JoeBaker1234  100% real!
The Republicans better be careful.  Obama is out to destroy them!
@MattyP941 Thanks Matthew!
@NathalieS_29 Nathalie--Thanks and best wishes.
@3_lilmonkeys @gretawire @kirstenpowers10 Check her records!
The real estate market is slowly improving.  Still a great time to buy.  You will thank me in 5 years.
Watch Obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term...
...Terrible for the economy and a job killer. China is laughing at us!
The @nytimes was very nice in reporting that @CelebApprentice was #1 on all television for “top brand impact, 2012.” Thank you!
@VanessCeballos  Be concise.
.@THEGaryBusey returns to @CelebApprentice All-Stars this season. His streak of chaos and havoc continues!
Today’s assignment: read chapter three of Think Big “Basic Instincts.” Focus on my acquisition of 40 Wall Street.
@denoforensics Good idea--enjoy!
@jutkarsh  Great and thanks.
@euan888 @David_Cameron @AlexSalmond So true!
@euan888  Thanks Euan--We will save Scotland's great beauty--no turbines.
@sbair115 @gretawire  They call me names but that's ok?
@vincegraff  Because my mother was born in Scotland &amp; it will be destroyed by windfarms.
@cynthiawebster He had very bad advice.
@MaxwellPearson  Great!
@Elliotg1959 Have a great time at a great place!
@nicolenulton  Thanks--Romney sadly did not resonate!
@jwizzle03  Hi Justin.
.@gretawire  Greta—you’re wrong, Kirsten Powers is a dummy—wasn’t she Anthony Weiner’s girlfriend?
By continuing to give massive subsidies to Scotland’s ugly wind turbines, @David_Cameron is playing right into @AlexSalmond’s hands.
@BillKingLanark @dkberman @mathewi  That's true and I love it!
@SecurityLecture  That is not the reason.
@hellcat1963  Sadly true--but it can change.
@logisticshelp  Thanks Nick.
@MrJPL It is Trump!
@CoryMacRae  Yes I am--I am saving it from wind turbine destruction!
Today’s assignment: read Chapter 7 ‘Trump Tower: The Tiffany Location’ of The Art of the Deal. Focus on how I marketed the property.
Almost every television network wants me badly—but I stay loyal to @NBC.
Top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpoint—a big deal for @CelebApprentice.
.@CelebApprentice having “top brand impact 2012”  ahead of Idol, Survivor, X Factor &amp; all others has caused quite a stir- no surprise!
I just saw my new tie &amp; shirt collection—it’s fantastic—unbelievable look. Go to Macy’s now to buy!
@AndeyR @rodstewart  Thanks Andey.
@crconnections  Thanks and enjoy.
“We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.” - Milton Friedman
@Larkyjunior @tomclaridge84 @daveydanger @MELANIATRUMP  Thank you.
@scotty752 @MELANIATRUMP Thanks Scott.
.@billmaher has not yet sent me the $5M he owes which I am giving to various charities. Come on Bill—you made a deal.
@LeCirqueNYC  Thanks Sirio--great food!
@GZervs  Work hard, be focused and keep your momentum at full speed.
Do you notice the silence lately on wind turbine monstrosities? The people of Scotland &amp; many other countries are fighting back.
@mamaberg63  True!
@unique4x  Thanks.
@amilcaralvarez  Great! Good luck!
@dtraiNYC  Work hard and thanks.
@brogfro  That's true!
@trentdav  Thanks.
There is no world problem which cannot be solved if people of good will &amp; intelligence want it to be.
I still can’t believe we left Iraq without the oil.
@asphipp @TraceAdkins @CelebApprentice  March 3rd on NBC at 9 pm EST
Please tell me what is going on with the Republicans?
Stamps are going up once again. Now the US postal service will lose even more money.
Congratulations to @netanyahu on his electoral victory.  He will now be the longest serving @IsraeliPM.  A great leader.
Back by popular demand, @TraceAdkins delivers in the upcoming @CelebApprentice All-Stars season. Yes, he sings.
The New York Times should never have moved out of their magnificent, original home...
... in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location!
When the New York Times sold their beautiful, long-time building for peanuts &amp; the buyer flipped it for a massive profit—they lost me!
“I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.” – Michael Jordan
I cannot believe the Republicans are extending the debt ceiling—I am a Republican &amp; I am embarrassed!
“Pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems."   - Think Big
Has Pres. Obama or the White House told the public what happened in Algeria yet?  Where’s the media?
The Tea Party delivered the House for @GOP so they could be fiscally responsible. Instead they have been irresponsible!
One positive from last week for Lance was that everyone was focused on Manti Te'o!  Why did Lance do that interview?
Republicans are always worried about their general approval. With proposing to 'ignore the debt ceiling' they are ignoring their base.
The worst negotiators in history (otherwise known as Republicans) have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months. Pathetic!
@ritter1025  Ellis--get well soon!
@adkradio Thanks and good luck.
.@BarbaraJWalters   Barbara—get better fast &amp; stay healthy forever.
@ghosttoast99  I do--and say hello to Carson.
@Marvelle Thank you--a great compliment.
@AnthonyNoTweet  Make sure you are doing what you love to do. You need passion to keep you going.
.@KeithUrban is excellent on American Idol—great touch, solid guy!
@lynn5101953 Sadly, true!
@hmachann  Thanks Heidi.
@stevegpritchett  Thanks Steve!
@JediJerad  Thanks Jedi.
@PhakzenVanKlipz  Only tell the political truth--thanks.
@Albertenstein @BostonGlobe And a dumb guy!
@jeffjarvis  You were a terrible editor who got fired?--and you were wrong.
@TheCleverLoop  True!
@JustJoanne247 @BarackObama  Of course I do--for good of country!
@robds101  Easy--only small area.
@ichrisandrews Way beyond!
@CrewSawyer Hope so!
@brwneyesnbama Thanks Bobbie.
@Bretty1973 Thanks--enjoy your visit.
@Titi1211  Thanks Tiffany.
@selfminted You do, and thanks.
@sprinkler22 @GIL1FRESNOCA  Very nice, thanks Barb.
@TheDarangatang Thanks Timothy.
@mscijihenderson Midas Touch is a good choice for those with entrepreneurial interests.
You must promise that you will never cheat off Manti Te’o’s test papers.
@Gonzobeachboy  I don't go away!
@MattONU @billmaher  Not looking like it!
@MeattHead_ @souljaboy @KennicotAsks Winning!
@CoCo471031 You really sound like a loser no-name!
@Kaszie @BarackObama Casandra--It's not--thanks.
@tubby511 @BarackObama  He is too smart to do that!
@mikayladreyer  Thanks!
@TorresTerrell @BarackObama  Thanks!
@Coteter @BarackObama  Just success for our country!
@HoltonHancock  Thanks and enjoy!
@MooreReva Thanks Myriam--starts on Sunday March 3rd @NBC at 9 pm EST
@eakrogh  Emil--great &amp; do well with it!
@chididdy57 @lancearmstrong  Well, he's now paying a big price!
Part of Obama’s new-found confidence is that the Republicans aren’t using their power of ideas properly or effectively.
Obama’s speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know it--wow, he really feels emboldened.
If the Republicans need a chief negotiator I am always available--or can recommend some really good ones!
Republicans, don’t extend the debt ceiling—make the great deal now!
The President’s speech was very combative toward Republicans—they have obviously not earned his respect!
“Pay attention to the small numbers in your finances, such as percentages and cents...
Glad to hear @InsideEdition has hired @_KatherineWebb to cover @SuperBowl.  She will be absolutely terrific! Miss USA pageant is proud.
Get ready for the fireworks between @OMAROSA &amp; @latoyajackson in 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice!  Neither one will back down.
Obama’s second term is going to very tough for the Republicans.  The Republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart.
...Whether you are a Republican or Democrat we should hope that Pres. @BarackObama  does a great job for the country.
I wish President @BarackObama the best of luck in his second term...
Wow...NYT reports @celebrityapprentice was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012.
Republicans and Democrats must come together now to make America great again!
@MattMogul Happy Birthday tomorrow, Matt
Most people think small, because most people are afraid of success, afraid of making decisions, afraid of winning.    The Art of the Deal
@EAWIII Yes, and thanks.
@AgnesphAgnes @Deadspin  Thanks.
New York should Frack. Thousands of jobs and millions in revenue. NY would be a truly rich state.
@bighank500  Thanks Hank.
@brookychan  Not negative!
@NMonastra @Deadspin  Thanks Nick.
@northsydgirl  Yes.
@sdoocy Thanks Steve.
Champion @bretmichaels triumphantly returns to 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. Spoiler – Bret is back to his winning ways.
@lcf42 @Deadspin They are total losers.
@Brunhooooo  Wrong!
@cmedenise Thanks.
@ThePhilliesGirl @CrossingBroad @Deadspin  Sad losers!
@efswagner Thanks.
@AMalfas  She can't but I adore her.
@ISHIMWEPatrick @BuzzFeedPSA  Thanks Patrick--a great compliment.
.@Deadspin’s disgusting response will teach me &amp; others not to be nice anymore—a sad lesson.
.@Deadspin will never make it—they don’t understand graciousness or money—and best guy is leaving?
Dummies @Deadspin had their big payday taken from them by others in the media.
.@Deadspin guys are total losers—they had their story stolen right from under their bad complexions—other media capitalized!
Alabama people are saying their team has real football &amp; real girlfriends—not good for Notre Dame—but they’ll be back!
I still say Te'o did this in order to get sympathy for the Heisman vote—thankfully he did not win.
Te’o’s imaginary girlfriend is one of the great cons of all time—or he’s very stupid.
The interview was great for @Oprah and terrible for Lance Armstrong!
.@Oprah was great-- amazing that she got Lance Armstrong to totally destroy his life. Why did he ever do that interview?
Lance Armstrong did himself great harm last night. Lawsuits &amp; failure will follow him!
@tman99us @_KatherineWebb  That's Shaquille O'Neal's shoe.
All time hit leader Pete Rose should now be in the Baseball Hall Of Fame. He has paid his penalty!
.@Boeing stock went way down because of 787- so I just bought stock in @Boeing- great company!
The interview with Oprah will cause Lance Armstrong huge legal and financial problems- sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide.
I'll bet Lance Armstrong wishes he didn't do the interview with Oprah-- he's saying to himself "what was I thinking?"
.@HBO should fire @BillMaher and bring back @DennisDMZ- someone that is actually funny.
.@BillMaher’s show is great for helping me get to sleep--- better than Sominex.
.@BillMaher needs to cut back on the pot, and maybe he will stop making offers he can’t afford.
Dumbass @BillMaher has still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity--- we just presented him with a demand notice.
Brent Musburger did himself a great favor by saying what everyone was thinking- he is much more popular now than before.
.@ESPN’s apology(Brent Musburger) was a disgrace to broadcasting--- stop being so politically correct!
IMO--- Manti Te’o was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the Heisman Trophy.
Can it just be new age that Manti Te’o fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax?
Not believable that Manti Te’o was in love for one year with a girl he never met- she then died. He is either very stupid....
...or mentally troubled (or a con).
Congratulations to Tom Scocca and Timothy Burke of @Deadspin for exposing the Manti Te’o fiasco.
Look, I have always liked Lance Armstrong- I just hated what he did to himself, including recently. His life will now be hell.
Lance Armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to Oprah. I’ll bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again.
Lance Armstrong was given very,very bad advice!
Journal News readership is already down 50 percent over the years.
If everybody sued the Journal News for revealing their info (guns)- paper would go out of business.
@thesween_bean Thank you.
@msmaddiexo Thank you.
@manc999 Write to Mark Burnett.
@colinhaney Great!
@KingOf_Class Thank you.
@SimonNWrestler Thank you.
@kidsalty No
@MeeMawBellefleu Thank you- I did!
@billmaher has not responded...not a word. His lawyers must have told him to shut up!
@ProtagonistHero He brought them on himself!
@belikehannah  March 3rd.
“Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther.” -- J. P. Morgan
@quiteefranklee  Thanks and enjoy.
@quiteefranklee  March 3rd.
@ChristianFranzH  Thanks Christian and good luck.
China watched Obama’s press conference yesterday salivating.  We will be borrowing trillions more from them.
Glad to hear Derek Jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for @yankees.  Derek is a true champion.
Our country, under President Obama, is on life support! Great leaders must bring people together.
Re Lance Armstrong—not only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!
Does anyone really believe that Chuck Hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports Israel?
... to OPEC countries that hate our guts.  It’s stupid policy.”- Time To Get Tough
... Is a third party coming? I hope not.
@kingantoine1  Thanks Antoine.
.@Playboy Playmate of the Year @BrandenRoderick returns to the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice--she is smart &amp; beautiful.
The word is that Lance Armstrong will now implicate officials and others --- but who knows if he’s telling the truth
“Hard work is my personal method for financial success.  You can do it, too.” - Think Big
“Do your homework before you invest.  A dumb investor is a dead investor.”  – Think Like a Billionaire
@8zz8 Wrong!
@Sheriffbrody @antbaxter Scotland course held up to storm very well.
@mrjamesmack  Wrong--course held up very well despite monster storm.
@JaneyGodley  No, held up to storm very well.
We were led to believe that Jeep would manufacture in U.S. and sell to China—like China does to us.
Unlike U.S., China taxes things made in the U.S. and sold in China. China demands plants, we don’t. Stupid!
Lance Armstrong’s liability &amp; lawsuits against him have just increased tenfold—his lawyers will be very happy—lots of fees!
Lance Armstrong is having a breakdown. What is he doing—his life is now officially over!
From Bloomberg: “Chrysler’s Jeep expects China production agreement soon.”  I told you so.
Never bet against Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick or Tom Brady! @Patriots
@bradleycmc Thanks Bradley.
@pattilee22   Thanks and good luck.
“You can have the most wonderful product in the world, but if people don’t know about it, it’s not worth much.” - The Art of the Deal
“I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.” -- George S. Patton
@theHunterWatts  Thanks, enjoy.
@BennyDoesTweets  Thanks.
Can you believe that the Afghan war is our “longest war” ever—bring our troops home, rebuild the U.S., make America great again.
If someone says “I’ll bet you ten dollars” and loses the bet, it’s pay up time.
“A savvy investor is a sponge for information. You have to read the newspapers...
Please tune in January 15th at 6:00AM EST, and 6:00PM EST, to the QVC network to watch my wife @MELANIATRUMP...
... debut her first 2013 “Melania® Timepieces &amp; Fashion Jewelry” collection!
It is snowing in Jerusalem and across Lebanon.  Global warming!
I agree with Pres. Obama on Afghanistan.  We should have a speedy withdrawal.  Why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the U.S.!
Everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes.  You get what you vote for!
Still waiting for a response from @billmaher.  Does he even have $5 million?
Sadly, I’m probably helping @billmaher’s lowly rated show—but charity will benefit by $5 million so it’s worth it.
.@nbc did a great job last night with the @GoldenGlobes!
Back by popular demand, @latoyajackson returns to the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. She is fierce in the Board Room!
Just as I predicted, today Obama called for even more tax increases.  The Republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards.
Can you imagine if Obama had to give today's press conference before the election? He would have lost.  @GOP really blew it.
According to many, and while nominated, I would have won the Emmy many times except for my politics. @PrimetimeEmmys
Lance Armstrong is now going to admit guilt—can that be possible after many years of denying? Just go away Lance.
Is @billmaher the dumbest man on television?—I think so.
By the way, folks, @billmaher is not a smart guy (just look at his past)—he just pretends he is!
Dopey @billmaher is in for a lot of trouble—I hope he has $5 million (for charity).
I am a handwriting analyst. Jack Lew’s handwriting shows, while strange, that he is very secretive—not necessarily a bad thing.
The Republicans have been played into a trap by the President--they forgot the 14th amendment.....
...and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast.
I can’t believe @Denver_Broncos allowed final touchdown—dumbest defensive play I have ever seen in football.
Peyton Manning should have passed on 3rd down!
Congratulations to Bob Kraft and Coach Bill Belichick for having built an amazing team. @Patriots
Congratulations to Tom Brady @Patriots -- he is a great quarterback and a great champion!
Wow, I have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a short time!
“I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should.” - The Art of the Deal
@andyliz99  Thank you.
“If you have a crisis, whether on a ship or wherever, there are heroes who rise above it.” - Jerry Bruckheimer
@RobertKarlPoker  Thank you.
@theviz1 @billmaher  I will try!
@NormaWilcox  Thank you.
@ChrisPedersen80 @billmaher  Thanks.
@HoboShane  I agree.
@Kmt9999 @billmaher  Thanks.
I can’t wait to donate @billmaher’s $5 million to charity.  Just waiting on @billmaher to send me the money.
“If you’re still in school, pay attention.  Education is a money machine.”  – Think Like a Billionaire
@BrunetteLogic  March 3rd.
Let’s get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense!  Rebuild the USA.
@pellscuse11  Happy Birthday
The Republicans are always worried about the press--they should just do what is right.
The Baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice with @StephenBaldwin.  Stephen does great.
@DaveyD147  Find work that you love. You have to have passion. That provides motivation.
@Otgdy27  I won't.
@MakingTrevenue  Thanks.
@JCRIV305  Thank you.
@BowsByBaby  Thanks and good luck.
@adambrownagency @MichaelaLBrown  Great!
@Farmersagentn8  Thanks, we'll see!
@mikepassmore  Thanks.
@thomasm25221024  I won't.
@JamieHumble  True!
@notksanymore  I will!
@LaDaleBuggs  Thanks!
@Melbelle96  Thanks Melanie.
@Spot_O_TEA   Thanks.
@richardrvaughn  Thanks.
@tonytuanvu  Thank you and good luck.
@MStuart1970 @foxandfriends  True!
@LaDaleBuggs  Thank you.
Again, don’t forget to watch @hannityshow tonight on Fox at 9 o’clock EST.
@JohnJohn1787 @billmaher @jayleno  Thanks John.
@shaminabaspr @MarioLopezExtra  Thanks!
@jackiediop  Thanks.
@dpdouglass @billmaher  Thanks Dana.
@FameWhoreBuster @billmaher  Thanks.
@MichaelRhorer @billmaher  Thanks.
@tazracet  Thanks.
@henriwts @BaetensGert  Yes.
@MattOmell  March 3rd
@carly_russell Thanks Carly, new season starts March 3rd.
@sellassellas @billmaher Thanks Brandon.
@McGuire1978 @DjP3tieSmallzz  Thank you.
@dkc628  Thanks Dorothy.
@luvintyger Thank you.
@Itsbrttanybitch  Thanks and good luck.
@The_JeffH  Thanks Jeff
@RayNealRay  Thanks.
@joemillerwired @billmaher @jayleno  Thanks.
New rule for @billmaher: check the law before you make a public absolute offer.
.@NBA hall of famer @dennisrodman brings his A game in the 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.  This time, Dennis is a star!
@KeithAsh_KASH   Thanks.
@Seame_huntin EST
@Seame_huntin  Thanks.
@BasqueGirl75  Thanks.
@Sophiesmom78  I will!
@fultonrm @billmaher  I will.
@infiniteyounow  My honor.
@robgoodwin72 @_KatherineWebb True! They are great.
@chuckwoolery @billmaher Chuck--you are great--thanks!
@ScottVH1  So am I.
@TheRealllJCole @billmaher  True!
@davidlemoinejr @billmaher  I will!
@Bertoldo1269 @billmaher  True!
@Jarboni72 @billmaher Thanks!
@Mulligan672 @billmaher  True!
@trinityjordan  I won't.
@Lversaci @billmaher  Thanks.
@rhondaberment Thank you.
@storingmaysoul  Thanks.
I will be doing @hannityshow tonight on Fox at 9 o’clock. Will be interesting and tough!
I hope @billmaher comes through with his $5 million offer, which I fully accepted, or I will be forced to sue him. All goes to charity!
He's back! @THEGaryBusey returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.
@Jimmy_Farney @QueyNewton  Great -- Good luck James
@BradyMagic @EricTrump Thank you!
@HomesWestfield @EricTrump @MyFoxNY @rosannascotto @StJude  Thank you.
It’s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if I say bad things about them, it becomes a national incident.
Apparently @MartinBashir said something about me on his show yesterday.  I was surprised to find out he is on TV.  Who knew?!
@Tappersong  The opposite!
@brose783  Thanks. Good luck.
@aynbluefish  Interesting.
@DavidBlanch  Thanks (I think)!
@BrittanyToll @TheAuthenticKJ  Not true!
@YouCanCallMeR @billmaher @jayleno  Thanks.
@MissUSA2005  Thanks Chelsea--you are great!
I hope @billmaher pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities.
The charities I have designated for @billmaher's donations are: Police Athletic League-New York, March of Dimes, Hurricane Sandy victims....
...American Cancer Society, and the Dana Farber Cancer Center.
I have accepted @billmaher’s $5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on the @jayleno show).
Lawyers have sent @billmaher demand notice and necessary documentation.
@milkncookies70  Not easy!
@nicolewalker20 I have and I do.
@Rosegalwines @RNC Many people agree.
@drehm010  Great, thanks.
@DJT_biggest_fan  Great!
@lilkubes  Great and thanks!
.@billmaher was so nervous talking about me on the @jayleno show—I’ve never seen him like that!
@marioraez1 Thanks.
@AuthenticSig22 Easier said than done!
@nolanitenyc  No.
@sandramdocer Happy New Year Sandra.
@Adam4integrity  True. @gretawire is great at what she does.
@TNMouth  Interesting!
@Samco42  No, but I hate incompetence.
@LEADERSMag  Great job!
@TracyN3109  Seems like it!
.@FranksFight  Keep fighting, Frank! Never give up!
@kristine_kaplan  Happy Birthday Kristine
Watch Eric at 9 am (EST) today on Fox 5 w/ @rosannascotto and David Price to discuss Eric Trump Foundation's $20 million donation to St Jude
“Give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day.” - Samuel Goldwyn
@shineb4 @jayleno @billmaher Thanks
@Melpace  Thanks!
@dalasner Stay tuned!
@Haley_Loyal @CelebApprentice @latoyajackson  LaToya is terrific.
@dasboot96 @KyleMcCall4  True--just terrible.
@schutzhund007  Great--I would rather it be here--by far.
@CJohnson623 @billmaher  Stay tuned!
@Joeisterrific Thanks Joe.
@KevinM_Mielke  True!
@USFiscalSanity  Work hard.
@caarlatwiter  She's fantastic.
@C_A_Pearson True!
@TweetsFromNancy  Interesting view!
@conniegrn777 @AlabamaFTBL  You should--they are great!
“In this game, knowledge is the key to power.” - Think Big
@381days  Thank you.
@Seanelmi  Thanks Sean.
@RyanMjAnderson @CelebApprentice March 3rd.
The fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. The biggest yet!
We are going to ask Katherine Webb to be a judge at the Miss USA Pageant coming up in Las Vegas.
What a great couple... Katherine Webb and AJ McCarron. They are both winners!
Miss Alabama, Katherine Webb, has been a truly great representative of the Ms. USA Organization ..We are proud of her!
“Success breeds success.  The best way to impress people is through results.” – Think Like a Billionaire
@bonbon823 @TheTeaParty_net  Thanks!
@MrDewMaster @newsbusters  I will!
@Thee_FrankG  It is great--thanks!
@rilwanemeje  Thank you.
@HLDRPiper73  Thank you.
@DelonMackenze  Thanks.
@TVTango @BillRancic  Great reminder--thanks.
Why would Obama ever nominate someone for Sec. of Defense who opposes sanctions against Iran when Obama claims to support them?
@ethwhite  Hi Ethan
Congratulations to @AlabamaFTBL on winning the BCS championship last night!
@grant_wyeth  Thanks Grant.
@TheAmandaRose  Great!
@adkradio Yes, send address.
@infiniteyounow @CelebApprentice  True!
@TonifReardon @foxandfriends  Thanks.
@vibow54  True!
@whitneykray @IvankaTrump  Great!
“What you dream about is what you will do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things, you will never do anything big in life.”- Think Big
“The worst thing you can possibly do in a  deal is seem desperate to make it.” - The Art of the Deal
@MegAlove04  Thanks!
@FrankMDavisJR  You are right.
Glad to hear my @foxandfriends’ Monday interview continues to get big ratings.  Great way to start your week
@yfentrepreneur  thanks--work hard and good luck.
@HShoyeb @Lord_Sugar @piersmorgan  Thanks
“When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things.” - @RealJoeNamath
Nominating Chuck Hagel for SOD is the wrong move for Obama.  He doesn’t need the fight.  Too much political capital will be wasted.
I hope the Republicans are happy.  Just as I predicted, that stupid deal they voted for only whetted Obama’s appetite for more taxes.
.@ewanshearer  Happy Birthday
.@ArsenioOFFICIAL  Thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year!
@prncsmo_ @LibertyU  Hi Morgan and good luck.
@jkaburu Work hard!
@V3CEO  Thank you!
@panchOopanchOo @CelebApprentice  March 3rd.
@dianahartnett  March 3rd.
The 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice is unique.  We really pushed the envelope here.  Our great and loyal fans will love it.
To all young entrepreneurs entering the business world - stay positive, focused and remember everything has its ups and downs.
Make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend.  Important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.
@AdeleBrumley  Adele--Happy Birthday.
@SammyPotatoes  True!
@NYPatriots4Life  Thanks and Happy New Year.
@_msccc  Thanks.
@KWierzba  Never give up--keep at it!
@jacksback2009 Thanks Jack and Happy New Year.
@RealKyleMorris  You will love it!
@NeanderthalMan1  Nobody says this!
@littllow  Not great!
@A123Meoli  True.
@richardkle  Thank you!
@pastorcab  True.
@jmendowns  True!
@hellsbells116  Thanks Chris
@ChartrandA  Yes, I thought Romney would do better--just didn't catch on!
@pauljosephjr  Doral is doing great!
“Spend your time enjoying your big dreams.”  - Think Big
@nicksteinmetz  Try Never Give Up for lessons in tenacity.
Just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing.
I’ll bet Obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling.
@sldewey  But a bad one!
@MS2202  True and true!
@lovebn40  Thanks Heidi.
@michelle88fan  I love what @GovernorCorbett is doing.
@ahm1038  They just acted but it was Obama that promised!
@firefergee  Perhaps so!
@CambriaCravy  I told you so!
@GrantGill  Thanks
@alancravey  That is something to think about, isn't it!
@MarkGhuneim  Something used on occasion by many of the world's greatest businessmen.
The Trump Organization is going revolutionize Rio de Janeiro’s downtown port area with Trump Towers. Construction begins soon!
Republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal!
Great to see Sec. Clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with @ChelseaClinton and Pres. Clinton.  Glad she is recuperating.
So Obama and Congress can waste billions in Iraq &amp; Afghanistan building roads &amp; schools but can’t get money to the NJ &amp; NY Sandy victims?
The Republicans look so weak and foolish—what the hell are they doing?
@jamesche85  Dopey, I never went bankrupt.
@TonyTurko @robynkonichiwa  She was great!
“Think of yourself as a one-man army.  You’re not only the commander in chief, you’re the soldier as well.” – Think Like a Billionaire
@KSherrill_4  Thanks.
@Chadfisher3  Thanks.
@WesDunn  Wilson!
@georgeokc  Thanks--let's see what happens.
@beverlism  Good place!
@TheSisko @RNC  Sounds like it!
The boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice. Premieres March 3rd on @NBC!
“In the end, you’re measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish." - The Art of the Deal
@PashtunPrince  March 3rd.
@Fleur498  The Art of the Deal is a good start.
@mimi_187  Mimi--perhaps because they are losers.
@SarahB205 I get you!
@jamesche85  I do complain.
@DrJoySchaffer I fully understand your question.
@maverick1195 Thanks, I think!
I can't believe Republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made. They are rapidly giving up all of their cards.
@Skyhawk442  Yes, and I am Presbyterian.
@vikinggroup1  True!
@PRDay Wilson--but he probably won't get it.
@jimmyscissor  Isn't that so true! And by the millions.
@prince1fares A total mess!
@GOP2014FTW @GOP  Third party is tough.
@gretawire Greta--Don't let it get you down--you are a winner and Tina is not.
.@RGIII &amp; @DangeRussWilson &amp; Luck are very special players--will be great playoff games.
“If you strike out, nobody is going to help you--not your friends, not the government. You have to look to look out for yourself.”-Think Big
This ‘deal’ @RNC voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts.  It is pathetic.  Obama is laughing at them.
Make sure you realize that this ‘deal’ is only a stop gap measure.Obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation..
...Remember--I told you so.
Obama's deal raises taxes on 77% of national households.  With Obama Care taxes kicking in now, everyone will be paying for his 2nd term.
.@GOP’s election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about.
The Republicans must face reality &amp; create a strong &amp; positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections.
“If we get tough and make the hard choices, we can make America a rich nation—and respected—once again.” – Time to Get Tough
Congratulations to @RobinRoberts on celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery.  Robin is a special person.
“I always follow my own instincts, but I am not going to kid you: it’s also nice to get good reviews.” - The Art of the Deal
Does any Republican have the ability to negotiate?
This is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for Republicans!
Maybe Boehner will stop this one sided deal in the House...I hope so!
What is Mitch McConnell thinking?...make the big deal!
I am a Republican...but the Republicans may be the worst negotiators in history!
Obama and the Democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the Republicans got nothing!
@opus_6  Thanks, it's a wonderful place to be--and Happy New Year.
@Earther57  Sounds nice--and thanks. Happy New Year to you and yours.
“You have to set higher and higher goals.  You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast.” – Think BIG
@sixelA1984 @LilJon @CelebApprentice  Raising large sums of money for charities--and they do a great job.
“Leverage: don’t make deals without it.” – The Art of The Deal
Raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing Washington could do.  So they will probably do it.
@phillykayman The Art of the Deal is a good start.
@WandaSalley  Thanks--have fun!
I always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world.  I can tell who reads my books and who doesn’t.  #MidasTouch
Once again Obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination. Chuck Hagel will not be named Sec. of Defense--&amp; probably shouldn't be.
Obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year.
@Nicholas_Lipton  March 3rd.
Any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures, in baseline spending, so we can get our credit back.
The Republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling.  They can get everything they want.  Focus!
@Limka11 @Jess_Wiliem98  Thank you.
Spolier alert…the record setting 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice also features the return of previous winners in the boardroom.
Sorry to hear of yesterday’s passing of General Norman Schwarzkopf.  He was a terrific general and leader--we could use more like him.
@ptlyons Thank you. Wishing you and yours a Happy New Year too.
@mattmaddix  Good luck.
@MikeyAdamsWEEI  Thanks--and Happy New Year to you.
@lin0729  Yes--he is a great guy!
@KryssiTooCool18 Thank you.
@MjTis  Yes!
@JesseTMaguire @alkapranos Even more--thanks.
@mayorgas  Good.
@NYClights420   I hope so!
@its_nicca @GiulianaRancic @MissUniverse  She was great!
“To be successful, you must become very good at finding creative solutions to what appear to be impossible problems.” – Think BIG
Republicans remember—debt ceiling, debt ceiling, debt ceiling—be smart and you will win!
It’s Thursday.  How much time did Washington waste today trying to find a solution on the so-called fiscal cliff?
I told the Republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election--&amp; we would have a Republican president—they wouldn’t listen.
I hate hearing after all of the hard work that @MittRomney never wanted to become President.
Back by popular demand, the fabulous @LilJon returns to the record setting 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.  The fans love him!
When renovations are completed, Trump National Doral will be the finest resort in the U.S.
Congratulations to @FLGovScott --- the state is really making progress --- and fast!
Watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful --- Republicans are in a much stronger position than they think.
“I’m a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before I make a decision. It’s a natural reflex.” – The Art of The Deal
From my family to yours...I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas!
@lin0729 Yes, Regis is the best!
@Skyhawk442 @Rosie I agree!
@Earther57 Sounds like the best place!
@ReighnSeed Thanks!
.@NBC really happy with how well the #MissUniverse pageant went.
@MikeCosgrove1  Thanks and good luck.
@lovechild419  Thanks Lisa
“Deals are my art form.  I like making deals, preferably big deals.” – The Art of The Deal
@trondbertil Thank you.
@LeahNelBulos Happy Birthday Leah
@susanmahoneyxo Thank you Susan.
How is @VanityFair editor Graydon Carter allowed to run bad food restaurant Beatrice Inn? Fire Graydon!
Washington is in total gridlock—no trust, no leadership—very interesting!
Dopey @Rosie--I never went bankrupt--ABC already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the past--they didn't want a lawsuit.
.@Rosie--If America's Got Talent uses you, the show will fail like all your others!
@AllEECaTT21  Thanks Allison!
@jaimeennis @examinercom  Thanks Jaime, Happy Holidays
@mstang_13  I hope so.
@PSU_Brush @Zigmanfreud  Thanks Matt.
@Nc777ww  He is a loser who will self-destruct,  just like @Rosie!
@CRLindke True!
@HyperspaceIT  Thanks--@HuffingtonPost is a total joke--just like @Ariannahuff!
@Joey_MoneyRacks  Thanks Joey!
@chidrole   Hi John
Our new @MissUniverse Olivia Culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished.  She is a wonderful role model.
@Cement_MIXa49  Kevin--Congrats--you are a winner!
@toddulu  Fun!
@klisitsin  The Art of the Deal.
@mdslhrst  Good move!
@candicebazuin @BravoAndy @GiulianaRancic  They were both terrific!
@KrystianDior The Apprentice will be great!
When I bought the #MissUniverse pageant 13 years ago, it was on life support...
...now it’s the “greatest pageant on earth”-- broadcast in 190 countries to 1 billion people—“hot!”
Ratings for #MissUniverse pageant were highest in 4 years. @NBC likes me (and I like them!)
@pokerswayne @VanityFair  Very wrong dopey!
@jbresson  Thanks Justin.
@RonCharles @VanityFair @KBAndersen  Which magazine went bust under Carter and as I predicted!
Congratulations to all the Trump 2012 #MissUniverse contestants who came from across the world. You did great and made us all proud!
@ellavdw  You have to love what you do--you need passion to succeed.
@JNorr11  Good reason for a celebration.
... So if you want to aim high, you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable bumps in the road." - Think BIG
@MandiDeren  I will!
@rebamoreland @VanityFair  Great move!
@GrantRebhun   Hard work but fun.
@MoruaGabriel  Thanks!
@OXSapphireXO @VanityFair  No, that dope Graydon Carter has hit on me for 25 years. His magazines always fail (see SPY)
@random5   You can and you will--work hard.
@KevinKuhn5 @VanityFair  Thanks Kevin, I tell the truth.
@DanForsley @VanityFair  Wrong--Graydon Carter has no talent and looks like shit! Also, his food sucks!
@GreenerAG  I agree on both counts!
@jimrobbins1973 @VanityFair  I don't. Graydon Carter sends it to me free!
Be sure to watch #MissUniverse tonight at 8PM on @nbc with its first simulcast on @Telemundo!
The #MissUniverse women totally blow away the Victoria’s Secret women!
Dummy Graydon Carter doesn't like me too much...great news. He is a real loser! @VanityFair
@mattwiemeri  Thanks!
If Sheena Monnin apologized for her mistake, as she should have, I would have treated her very nicely.
Sheena Monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved!
@JNorr11  March 3rd.
Tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the Miss Universe Pageant.
Back by popular demand, @GiulianaRancic and @BravoAndy are co-hosting tonight's #MissUniverse pageant.  They are great!
This is a buyers’ market.  Buy now.  You will thank me in 3 years.
The #MissUniverse Pageant is the biggest pageant of them all—by far!
Pageant people are really talking about Venezuela, Brazil, Mexico, USA, India, Australia.
Okay, I think I’m going to do it—I’ll open the Miss Universe Pageant as Santa tonight at 8 pm on @NBC
.@VanityFair looks like a dying magazine! Really really boring, really really thin!
Worst ever issue of @VanityFair magazine—bad food Graydon Carter should be fired!
@agreatguy  Great idea re minute of silence tonight--thank you.
I hope Newtown CT can now start to heal—but it won’t be easy!
.@MissUSA Olivia Culpo has been a star, a young Audrey Hepburn.
Miss Universe contestants are amazing—the most beautiful ever!
They asked me to dress as Santa Claus to open Miss Universe tonight—I’m thinking about it!
In Las Vegas for the Miss Universe Pageant—airing tonight on @nbc at 8 o’clock.
“Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.” – Rev. @BillyGraham
“I also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.” – The Art of The Deal
@jtracy08  Thanks Joe.
@toddjoldbull  It's a great hotel and city, glad you enjoyed it.
@jean_penny  Hi Jean
Many people advised me not to buy the Miss Universe pageant.  They were all wrong. The deal worked out to be a great one!
The tragedy in Newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile. Must appreciate every minute!
In light of Newtown, our country has to pull together.
Video game violence &amp; glorification must be stopped—it is creating monsters!
I find the photos of these children killed in Newtown in the New York Post heartbreaking.#Angels
President Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in #Newtown Connecticut.
In moments like this,we are all just Americans. I join with the President, religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today.
A horrible day for Newtown, CT and our country yesterday. My condolences to all of the families so tragically affected.
@mstacey9 I never went bankrupt.
@C_waitforit_J @UberFacts I never went bankrupt.
@Lydia_xoxo @UberFacts I never went bankrupt.
@dylawn420 @UberFacts Dopey, I never filed for bankruptcy.
@derekwilkinson @daniellecfriel Thanks Derek- and true!
@hailey_hustlerr Thanks Hailey- you sound great!
Thousands of fans have been sending letters to Trump Tower in anticipation of @CelebApprentice.  Really good show.
“All the things I love is what my business is all about.” - @MarthaStewart
Watching Pyongyang terrorize Asia today is just amazing!
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Abraham Lincoln
We can’t even stop the Norks from blasting a missile.  China is laughing at us.  It is really sad.
“There is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy.  You have to love what you do.” - Think Big
Egypt is a total mess. We should have backed Mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog.
The gorgeous contestants of Trump Miss Universe are so excited to be simulcast on both @nbc and @Telemundo.  Will be a beautiful show!
I have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures.  They always thank me after they succeed. #MIDASTOUCH
@Abspara @pennjillette @CelebApprentice  March 3rd. Tune in!
@BrettNPU32  Happy Birthday
No money wasted like bad ads—the Republicans spent more &amp; got nothing for it.
Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election?
I let @pennjillette come back on the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice after he relentlessly begged me to--good t.v.
For those of you in trouble—(in these troubled times)—never, ever give up!
@RandyTotty @tjtotty  Happy Anniversary Teresa
Re Real Estate: You don’t necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal…
…you can enhance location through promotion and work.
Re Life:  Life is very fragile and success doesn’t change that. If anything, success makes it more fragile.
“The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life.  So if you want to aim high, you have be able to handle the bumps.”–Think Big
The Republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal!
It’s Tuesday.  How many more customers has Glenfiddich lost today?
Trump Miss Universe, simulcast on @nbc and @Telemundo on December 19th, will once again deliver an entertaining and ‘beautiful’ show!
@Bahleezy  March 3rd--tune in!
“Fans like winners. They come to watch stars – great, exciting players who do great exciting things.” - The Art of The Deal
He’s back and causing more trouble than ever before! @THEGaryBusey returns in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice.
Negotiation tip #2:  I always go into the deal anticipating the worst...
...If you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself.
Negotiation tip #1:  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.
China is buying so many of our companies-- it’s really getting bad.
.@GolfMonthly re: my Scottish course “Quite simply, this is not the best new links course in the UK, it is the best links course, full stop"
@NathalieS_29  Thank you
@hopewellcody Thanks Cody
@LeviThompson93   Happy Birthday Levi--Work hard!
The UK is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies. Good news, killing country.
Some dope tweeted my message to my friend Bill Belichick incorrectly--they called him Bob. Sorry Bill!  @Patriots
Good luck to Bob Kraft, Tom Brady, and Coach Bill Belichick tonight.
If the Republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of @KarlRove.  He is useless.
I still don't get how @KarlRove spent $400 million &amp; lost all.
The Ground Zero Mosque should not go up where planned. It is wrong.  My offer still stands to buy the property.  Good deal for everyone.
“You can’t con people, at least not for long.  If you don’t deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on.” - The Art of The Deal
Great win by the @nyjets yesterday.  If they run the table, they will make the playoffs.
Great knockout on Saturday by Juan Manuel Marquez on Manny Pacquiao.  A great fight!
I just bought stock in Tiffany &amp; Company and McDonald's. Two ends of the spectrum but I like both companies.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar—you are the worst kind of loser—a total fool.
.@Lord_Sugar  If you didn’t say the iPod would be gone in a year, you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar You should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--The Apprentice. Say Thank you Donald
Dopey Sugar—@Lord_Sugar  Isn’t it sad that my golf course in Scotland just got “best new course in the world”—it’s worth more than you are!
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Bad ratings--come on, keep making me money--remember, I own your show.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  I hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you'll be fired.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  I never go silent. I was buying a major property in Florida--a property worth more than you are!
Sorry for such silence—spent weekend at closing of Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida—just bought it, will be great!
People ask me what I do in my free time. The answer--I don't have any.
This is such a special time to be in New York City.  No better city in the world to celebrate Christmas!
Many people still out of power in Staten Island.  Absolutely ridiculous.  Why can't they get service?
This year's Trump Miss Universe Pageant is comprised of truly beautiful women.Will be simulcast live December 19th on @nbc and @Univision.
Today's job report is not a good sign &amp; we could be facing another recession. No real job growth. We need over 300K new jobs a month.
Back by popular demand, TV personality @TheRealMarilu returns in the record 13th season of 'All Star' @CelebApprentice.  Marilu does great!
I just retained Sir Nick Faldo to be the architect of the Red Course at Doral--he will do a tremendous job! @NickFaldo006
To Tom Brady @patriots and Gisele--Best wishes on the birth of your daughter. Tom is a great player and great friend.
Dopey  @Lord_Sugar  I'm worth $8 billion and you're worth peanuts...without my show nobody would even know who you are.
Dopey @Lord_Sugar  People are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w/ the tweets...
...@Lord_Sugar  You need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hurt.
“There are 2 things I’ve found I’m very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.”–The Art of The Deal
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar  The wind turbines are ruining the beauty &amp; majesty of Scotland...
.@Lord_Sugar....but you wouldn’t notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser.
Dopey Sugar.@Lord_Sugar  ...Your net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the Apprentice.  Keep making me money.
Dopey Sugar @Lord_Sugar--I'm worth more than $8 billion, acknowledged, almost no debt ...
Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Why don't you tell the public what you're really worth--they would be very disappointed.
Sugar @Lord_Sugar  Unlike yours, my financials are phenomenal. People don't know your real numbers &amp; would not be impressed.
@RealPro4Real  Thank you.
@martinwatt382 True!
@piersmorgan @Lord_Sugar   No, his ignorance!
Sugar @Lord_Sugar—you should say thank you, Donald, like a good little boy... ...
...instead of biting the hand that feeds you! Don’t bother, just keep making me money!
@Lord_Sugar @piersmorgan  Sugar, if you taught Piers Morgan he never would have won!
We are way over the fiscal cliff.  And with Obama Care being fully implemented in less than 14 months, it may be too late.
Alex Rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons. He will miss half of next season.  Really bad deal for @yankees.
Dopey @Lord_Sugar—Look in the mirror and thank the real Lord that Donald Trump exists. You are nothing!
@piersmorgan @Lord_Sugar   I easily could but as long as Sugar is making me money (it's my show) I won't--unlike Sugar, I'm not stupid!
When I made the Apprentice the #1 show in the US, that was a good day for you...
... and many others. Drop to your knees, Sugar, and say thank you, Mr. Trump.
Sugar: @Lord_Sugar--Keep working hard so I make plenty of $ with your show...
...You have little persona, but The Apprentice concept is great and lucky for you!
Sugar: @Lord_Sugar—unlike you, I own The Apprentice. You were never successful enough...
.... to do The Apprentice but I approved you anyway. Without my show you’d be nothing!
.@Lord_Sugar  If you think ugly windmills are good for Scotland you are an even worse businessman than I thought...
... and, in my opinion, should not be doing The Apprentice.
@johnboehner 25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)—it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff.. will be interesting!
@Scootray88  Dopey, same people voting over &amp; over again? Andy Murray #1 by far.
You’re all wrong—check the facts! UK is massively subsidizing Scotland’s wind turbines &amp; the people don’t want them.
How can George Osborne reduce UK debt while spending billions to subsidize Scotland’s garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country?
When I renovated Wollman Rink in Central Park, it came in $750,000 under budget..
... and opened a full month ahead of schedule.  Case is taught in Wharton.
@sinnerofa10shun  Work hard and love what you do!
@achieverdan  Thanks and yes!
@RingSherry @EricTrump @IvankaTrump  Thank you.
@madmartinez @EricTrump @IvankaTrump Thanks Darlene.
@RealRobHarrand  Thanks Rob!
All the contestants have arrived to compete in Trump Miss Universe Pageant in Las Vegas. Today’s welcoming ceremony will be terrific!
My support of Anna Wintour for Ambassador got a lot of coverage.  She is smart and will be a strong advocate for the US.
Karzai of Afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. They are dropping us like dopes. Get out now and re-build U.S.!
@MacFarb  Wow--very nice!
@OrangeTrump @apoliticalbear @ForQ2 @danabrams  Don't be so sure!
@bongsi21 @BillGates @itsmeMVP  Work hard!
@kleckhardt  Kris, great place, enjoy!
@colonopenbrakit  He is a loser--Andy Murray is a winner!
@carloguderian I built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world--lots of tourism--you shouldn't!
Is PM Cameron a dummy? With monumental cuts in UK spending, how come he continues to spend billions of pounds ...
....on ruining Scotland’s beauty with ugly &amp; costly wind turbines?
Scots should boycott Glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great Olympic &amp; U.S. Open champ Andy Murray over total loser Michael Forbes.
@mchandlerjones I will!
@LaraLeaYunaska @EricTrump  And you looked great last night Lara.
Twisted Sister frontman @deesnider shines in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice. The Iron Man of Rock and Roll is great!
Republicans have the cards because of the debt ceiling—but it doesn’t seem that way!
25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)—it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff...and that will be interesting!
@OfficialBQGirls @MissUSA2005 @thaLilBit  Your performance was great last night--BQ will win.
@JohnG500 @EricTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  The greatest compliment of all--thanks!
@rodgilbert7 @EricTrump @IvankaTrump  Thanks Rod--you're a great player and guy.
@danabrams True--but keep up the good work!
.@johnboehner—if you can’t make a great deal go over the cliff &amp; negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in February!—Trump 101.
Speaker @johnboehner seems to have gained strength in house—a good thing!
Dave Brubeck was great and will be missed!
“I like thinking big.  To me it’s very simple: if you’re going to be thinking anyway, you might as well think big.” – The Art of The Deal
@vincedelisi  Thanks!
@HoppMar  So do most smart people!
@PhillipMoodie Thank you.
@KarlLewis01 Soon--thanks.
@apoliticalbear @danabrams  True--thanks.
@riggs_deb  Thank you.
“Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.” -- Norman Vincent Peale
“I don’t see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect.” – Donald J. Trump 'Midas Touch'
@rodsandguitars @nbc  Thanks
@tommo1903 Thank you.
@Kevinsherwin Thank you
.@danabrams Dan, of course stories on me do well.  Glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on.  TV was not your forte.
The record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice features the return of the beautiful @BrandenRoderick. The fans love her!
I am happy to hear that Pres.Obama is considering giving Anna Wintour @voguemagazine an ambassadorship.  She is a winner &amp; really smart!
@wtfagain @Beardymilne  You would not even believe how dirty &amp; disgusting his property is--clean it with joke Glenfiddich.
@Beardymilne @wtfagain I know you are jealous of Forbes &amp; a total loser.
@achieverdan Thanks
@damonpostal  Thanks
.@GeorgeTakei is doing really well &amp; soon coming to Broadway.
@SpearsTim Can't pick a favorite--thanks.
We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties.
Tell ‘Top Scot’ Michael Forbes to clean up his property—it is an embarrassment to Scotland.
Glenfiddich is a joke—should have chosen Andy Murray—U.S. Open &amp; Olympic gold winner—as Top Scot instead of a total loser!
@Beardymilne @wtfagain David--I hear you are jealous &amp; angry that Forbes got the award over you--two losers!
@kleckhardt  Yes--it is great!
@swingtraining  Thanks Jeff.
@Danusia234 @SaintsFootyNews  Happy Birthday Andrew
@bf2088 Thanks--and good luck.
@Arnoldmuks  Thanks.
If you are planning to visit the world famous Trump Tower Atrium, be sure to come early.  During the holiday season it is packed by 10AM
The stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time high--great going--great product!
A-Rod @Yankees had hip surgery &amp; will be out 6 months. Do you notice all the “druggies” have bad hips.
The @Yankees should break A-Rod's contract immediately—he misrepresented.
.@danabrams, editor of @mediaite, explained on radio this morning that I am so widely covered because I draw high interest. True!
@arsenioOFFICIAL will do great in his new talk show on CBS. He’s really got what it takes!
@Redskins QB @RGIII is a very special player.  He is exciting to watch and smart on the field.  Amazing talent.
How could Michael Forbes get Scot of the Year when he lost—badly—to me &amp; Andy Murray, a true Scot, who won the U.S. Open &amp; Olympic gold?
Congratulations to David Wright on signing a long term extension with the @Mets.  David is an exceptional player and person.
Fan favorite @LilJon once again shines in the record 13th season of 'All Star' @CelebApprentice.  He is an amazing &amp; wonderful guy!
@ld06981p  Larry, thank you and keep up the great work!
@Wendydyer2  Thanks Wendy.
@Alkiwaves Thanks, it will be great.
@ItsColinFowler  Thanks.
@BubbasLmky  But hard work!
Great defense by the @nyjets this weekend—congratulations to @woodyjohnson4—only 6 points allowed!
Just won the highest rated sanitary award in NY—an A--&amp; the food is great also. Trump Grill/ 57th &amp; 5th.
Just completed purchase of magnificent Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida. Will be renamed Trump National Golf Club &amp; be tremendous success.
The networks are all driving me crazy to do television shows—“a ratings machine”—but because of Apprentice have been loyal  to NBC.
The Democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the "fiscal cliff."  They will raise taxes and blame it on the Republicans.
@lfoshie @piersmorgan Logan: You are wrong on this--@piersmorgan is a tough &amp; talented guy--&amp; very loyal--a rarity in life.
Michael Forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named “the golf course of the year” and which has brought ...
Michael Forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company Glenfiddich gave him Scot of the Year award...
Comic @sethmeyers21 bombed at University of Texas at Arlington—crowd was dismal as was his performance—I told you so!
@parisitony  True!
@osaFoLmiK Happy Birthday and best wishes.
.@StephenBaldwin7 shines in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice.  The Baldwin clan will be proud of Stephen.
“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” -- Winston Churchill
I am watching the New York mayoral race very closely…
The Daily Snooze publishes lies about me. They should be ashamed but it will die very soon.
Obama is laughing at Karl Rove &amp; all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didn’t win one race, including the big one!
Karl Rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400M—not one win—(the Republicans better get smart next time)...
... Time for the Republicans to find someone new—and better.
Obama is totally “tweaking” the Republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways.
It’s about time for all Americans (Republicans &amp; Democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible!
.@nbcnightlynews (Brian Williams, anyone?) says women warriors are "every bit as tough as the guys." Just think about that statement!
Was with @jacknicklaus yesterday--great golfer, great architect, great guy!
I'll be honored  at the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th. It will be a great event for a great cause.
As I said on @foxandfriends this a.m., you have to give Obama credit—he won! ...
... The Republicans just didn’t resonate with the people—but they will have better days.
Thank you to @IvankaTrump for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on @foxandfriends...
... The NY Daily Snooze totally lied and never even called my kids!
Now that it’s almost over, I can’t believe that unions &amp; management couldn’t save Twinkies etc--&amp; management just got a 
$1.75M  bonus.
I’m surprised that Gabriel Aubry has settled so quickly and easily with Halle—in the long run it was a wise decision.
@therealhillyard Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles--it fronts the Pacific Ocean and is spectacular.
@AmishFlyers66 Try Trump Grill in Trump Tower. Excellent food, good prices. Enjoy your visit.
In calling my tweets ‘obnoxious,’ @AOL says “I sure know how to keep them wanting more.”  They are welcome.  I just tell it like it is.
France is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day.
@JMinello  Very nice, thanks.
@skompa @TrumpChicago @TrumpNewYork @TrumpLasVegas @TravlandLeisure   Thanks!
@TarikaN_11 Motivation is key, so is momentum.
@sagethelaxbro  Hi Sage
@TonyDABodyguard @Seanelmi  I agree--and thanks.
@adrienne_jensen  Thanks!
@sbowlin1  Thanks--you will love it.
@RevRome83 @CelebApprentice @bretmichaels You won't be disappointed!
Golf Odyssey, one of golf's most respected publications, just named Trump International Golf Links Scotland "golf course of the year"
Always enjoy appearing on @extratv.  @MarioLopezExtra &amp; @mariamenounos were terrific yesterday.
Back by popular demand, the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ @CelebApprentice features the return of @bretmichaels.  Our fans will be happy.
“He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious.” -- Sun Tzu
While Derek Jeter is training every day in the off season, reports come out that A-Rod is partying all over the country. Go Derek. @Yankees
. @BBCNews’ child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of BBC.I know personally they do not check for accuracy
As a favor to my friends at EXTRA, I am co-hosting tonight at 7 p.m. on @nbc
Crude is about to pass $90/barrel.  The OPEC monopoly must be broken.  They are robbing our country blind.
It’s Thursday.  How much did OPEC steal from all of us today?
Steven Spielberg is a great filmmaker. Go see "Lincoln."
@atrlimo @EricTrump  Agreed.
@mjb7  Thanks!
The Trump Tower restaurant, Trump Grill, just received the highest sanitary inspection grade possible, “A” – the food is also great!
The Countryside Party just formed in Scotland to fight ugly wind turbines &amp; @AlexSalmond. Congrats to Jim Crawford &amp; Countryside Party.
Scottish government having  huge backlash on wind turbines. @AlexSalmond is becoming very unpopular.
FM @AlexSalmond of Scotland spent more than $750,000 of taxpayers $ to visit Ryder Cup in Chicago--peanuts compared to his windmill folly.
Great that Pres. O is seeing @MittRomney today—lots of good things can happen.
Jerry Finkelstein passed away last night--a great New York mover &amp; shaker &amp; a really great guy!
@AmauryD3  Thanks!
@JosephbyNature Good luck Joe!
My son, @EricTrump, is in Memphis at St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital...
... where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. Eric has a great heart!
Networks are all wanting me to do shows—like it or not a “ratings machine”! –but time, I run a really big company!
I always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs.  They are hungry, motivated and eager to learn.  Proves America can still be great.
“The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.” -- Peter Drucker
Gabriel Aubry should learn how to fight—he became a punching bag. Always drama with Halle B!
Susan Rice is a good woman but Pres. O should not taunt the Republicans by appointing her S of S...
...Get along &amp; make deals for the good of the country!
Why do the Republicans always negotiate against themselves in public?  Watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful.
I still can’t get over how the Republicans—my friends—spent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible &amp; ineffective ads.
Anthony Hopkins is a truly great actor--I love everything he does!
“Face reality as it is, not as it was or as you wish it to be.” -- @jack_welch
“To keep your goals alive you must take action every day. No one should care about your money and success more than you do.” -- Think Big
@RetroJohnny  Thanks
@callmemrwayne @realDonaldTrump @DebbieGibson  Thanks Debbie
@FromJoachim2You  A great place!
@utxgent  Thanks
@DJT_biggest_fan @IvankaTrump  Ivanka is a great example.
@FromJoachim2You  Congratulations and all the best to you.
@mselesky @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins  March 3rd.
@LouisWalshXFact @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins  They raise a great deal of money for good causes and work hard at it.
@BrainyRedhead @CelebApprentice @TraceAdkins Thanks--it will be great.
Are you ready for the All Star @CelebApprentice?  @TraceAdkins is back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet!
...It's called intellectual property rights, something they know nothing about.
The Muslim Brotherhood dictator in Egypt is bad news.  He will never be our true ally!
With the economy still on a downward trajectory, the best investment young people can make now is buying property...
...and borrow cheap!  You will thank me someday.
@NathalieS_29  This will be the best season yet..March 3rd is the premiere.
@PaulBocian Thanks, it was wonderful.
@shanesgranny Thanks and Happy Holidays.
@yorkv01  Trump Tower is decorated and the city looks beautiful. Enjoy!
@shanedent  Agreed.
When you’re “hot” the lowlifes really shoot at you... and they try hitting from every angle! Never let the bastards get you down.
Glad to see my interview with Ronald Kessler @Newsmax_Media. Hopefully the @GOP can get the message.
.@HuffingtonPost actually gave me a positive story yesterday!
Wind turbines are totally destroying the areas in which they are located—all for unreliable, bad &amp; expensive energy!
... I never felt that I could let up for a moment." -- Harry S. Truman
If taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff, then they must be accompanied by tangible, hard cuts on spending everywhere.
Congratulations to the Rolling Stones on marking their 50th anniversary in London.
If you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
Hope everyone enjoyed their Thanksgiving. But get ready, our country is in big trouble!
My kids never negatively discussed my criticism of President Obama with me or anyone...it's not in their nature!
The dishonest NY Daily News reporter advised my rep in writing, "story is dead" and then put it out anyway. A total lie and she knew it!
The dying NY Daily News put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize Obama...totally false!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone--I love you all, even my many enemies (sometimes!).
“I also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.” – THE ART OF THE DEAL
On December 19th the @MissUniverse pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers. @nbc
I am having 600 Thanksgiving dinners sent to the Rockaways--prepared by my wonderful Trump Grill/Trump Tower staff. #SandyRelief
For those asking, my son, @EricTrump,   makes zero $$ running his charity &amp; raises a great deal of  $$, all of it for @StJude @EricTrumpFdn
I hope Washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff.  Both sides need to work together.
Pres. Obama’s steady support of @Israel throughout this crisis helped stop the war.  He did a good job.
.@latoyajackson is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming All Star season of @CelebApprentice.  Amazing in the boardroom...
.@TrumpSoho has just been awarded the AAA Five Diamond Award. Congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work.
...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties." -- Harry S. Truman
The Holiday Season in New York City is a very special time. I love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #TRUMP Tower atrium.
@kabarzombie69   It will be great!
@kc5yvv  Thanks!
@Jixllr  Thanks!
@MichaelRubinton Work hard!
@DLEagency @MichaelPhelps  True!
@MrsAliciaParks  Thanks!
@sAygO_P  I am very truthful!
@Manos_Panos  Love what you do!
@Corene7  Thank you!
@BluePrintBullie A great compliment.
@hkshel  Thanks Keith!
France was just stripped of its AAA bond rating.  With the PMs radical tax rates...
...expect the country to be further downgraded in the future. The rich are all leaving!
I was nice to loser @rosie and she attacked me--it just shows never let up with a bully. They only fade when you hit them hard!
I am going to give @Rosie a pass.  @Rosie is desperate to get back on TV so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled.
The EU just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax.  I bet they wish they had all that money back!
“Even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate.” Think Like A Billionaire
The upcoming All Star season of @CelebApprentice has @lisarinna returning to compete.  She doesn’t disappoint!
The @EricTrumpFDN is doing amazing work helping the children...
I gave out the Male Athlete of the Year Award last night to my friend @MichaelPhelps—22 Olympic medals—a record that will never be broken.
We should remember that during this entire Petraeus episode,over 50 of our nation's bravest have died in Afghanistan...
... It is time to get out and rebuild our own nation.
Washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff.  If taxes are raised, they must come with real, hard cuts.
“We are fully supportive of @Israel's right to defend itself.” -- @BarackObama
--Very good, I like it.
Remember victims of Hurricane Sandy  during Thanksgiving. Many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort.Their lives are in turmoil!
@Bluecollar96 Dummy--I never went bankrupt.
Rapper Mac Miller's song, "Donald Trump" has reached close to 72 million hits. He owes me big!
Reports are out there that many CEOs of charities are getting overpaid, while their causes are seeing very little...
... ...Do your research before donating this holiday season!
.@unicef Caryl M. Stern CEO is driving around in a Rolls Royce...
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. She should be ashamed!
.@redcross CEO’s salary in 2011 was $951,957. Where is the outrage?
All because of me- people don’t care about you Cher. "@cher My week on twitter 1k retweets , 29 new listings 15k new followers 2k mentions."
The Hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make.
Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election?
Everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for PR--sorry, but I must. It's my nature.
.@chelseahandler--stop calling my office for me to do your rather "gross" show--I have less interest in you than Andre.
.@chelseahandler—stop trying to get your hotelier boyfriend back—a lost cause—he can do much better!
It makes me feel so good to hit "sleazebags" back -- much better than seeing a psychiatrist (which I never have!)
The Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charity--a great feeling!
@realDonaldTrump @LaurenScruggs Lauren--you are fantastic and an inspiration.
.@LaurenScruggs, who was badly injured by an airplane, was great on The Today Show!
“Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation.” – The Art of the Deal
With the run on our dollar about to take place, commodity prices will rise. Gold, silver, &amp; timber will spike-- also, certain real estate.
Fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the President and Congress---Washington must come together and make a deal.
Congratulations to @Mets @RADickey43 on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the CY Young award!
@LaurenScruggs, who was badly injured by an airplane, was great on The Today Show!
President Obama, we need to protect our closest ally, Israel. The situation in the Middle East is at a tipping point.
@Korkyelmst  You are very nice, thank you.
@TraderExpert  Thanks!
@amanda_berens  True!
@dxerebl  They must actually like me!
@EMC_xoxo Thanks!
@NYLANDERMAX  Thanks!
@BriannaTurano Good!
@jenke2501  I understand your message.
@RCVenables It is, thanks.
If the government doesn't start working together, the media is right &amp; we will hit a "fiscal cliff."  We need to avoid this.
With our record debt &amp; trillion $ deficits, our $ is now at an all-time low against the Chinese Yuan. Time for our gov't to work together.
“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” – Walt Disney
Yesterday the Christmas tree arrived at Rockefeller Plaza.  An iconic event for New York!
Announced 3 years ago that Scottish course would close in winter, like Kingsbarns and others--too cold.
@mllemariani  I agree!
Our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there.
@rcthompson01 @cher   I agree
@RobertCherry1  Fantastic!
@statereform @Macys  You sound great!
@kimberlyykitten  Interesting!
@pehbho  I will Paul, thanks.
@snugglebun31  I did--thanks for remembering.
@JSunday72  Thank you Joey
@ErekClementson Thanks Erek
Just signed contract to purchase the Ritz Carlton in Jupiter, Florida--great land, great location, great future!
@cher Old story, one of which I publicly disapproved. My sons love hunting, I don’t.
.@WendyWilliams Thanks for the nice statement, especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated.
@riggs_deb @EricTrump  I agree, he is amazing.
@Relmark Thanks Mark
@GuitartrashJB  Thanks!
Busy day—working on buying a major property—and creating lots of jobs.
Social media has changed the news &amp; communication landscape for good. Everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day
To aspiring entrepreneurs, always remember that if your enemies aren’t talking about you, then you aren’t doing well...and must work harder!
Gen. Petraeus has agreed to testify in the Senate on Benghazi. I will be watching.
The upcoming record 13th season of @CelebApprentice is going to be very special.  Our production team's ingenuity is amazing.
“The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.” – Vince Lombardi
@krnspeech @CelebApprentice @DonaldJTrumpJr   Sunday, March 3--thanks!
@jackmarkou @CelebApprentice @piersmorgan  He is on and he's great!
@natrat86  Don't be scared--we will come back.
It’s amazing how people can talk about me but I’m not allowed to talk about them.
.@cher--I don’t wear a “rug”—it’s mine. And I promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didn’t work.
General Petreus and his family are paying a big price!
.@cher should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career!
Paula Broadwell's book on Gen. Petreus is titled "All In." Did she know something?
Our $17T national debt and $1T yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order.
Don't forget Benghazi.
The sex scandal at the CIA and Pentagon is rapidly unfolding--getting more interesting by the minute!
After Friday’s Twilight release, I hope Robert Pattinson will not be seen in public with Kristen--she will cheat on him again!
.@maddow  Standing in front of wind turbines is sad. Rachel, windmills are terrible for the environment—
...they are costly, inefficient, bird killing, community destroying machines. They are obsolete! @maddow
My fragrance--"Success"-- is flying off the shelves @Macys. The perfect Christmas gift!
.@davidaxelrod  David--Thank you, my great honor for a very worthy cause!
“Strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective.” -- Andrew Mellon
No surprise that @BBC is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism.  Any network that air’s @antbaxter’s garbage has zero credibility.
How come every time I show anger, disgust or impatience, enemies say I had a tantrum or meltdown—stupid or dishonest people?
Businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees’ hours due to Obama Care.  Reality is setting in.
Yesterday was Veterans Day.  I hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored.  This nation loves and respects all of you.
We just passed 1.9M followers &amp; gained over 250,000 followers in the last month.Thank you--let's have fun and do business.
When someone attacks me, I always attack back...except 100x more. This has nothing to do with a tirade but rather, a way of life!
I am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects. Whenever I tweet, some call it a tirade..totally dishonest!
Trump International Golf Links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world. Virtually all reviews are saying the same thing. 
The people of Scotland love Trump International Golf Links.
Aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great Scottish golf club. 
Many political pundits are using the term "Art of the Deal".... they should thank me. That is my term and book title.
Thanks- many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world. It's easy when it's fun.
I love Twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses.
I'm a skeptical guy, but I don't believe Petraeus used this to get out of the Benghazi hearings.
Wow,  I never saw the Petraeus thing coming. A straight laced guy! Very sad for him and his family.
I just passed a 10 block long gas line going to LGA airport, a terrible situation!
Everybody wants me to talk about Robert Pattinson and not Brian Williams—I guess people just don’t care about Brian!
She’s baaack! @Rosie needs me to salvage her dying career. But it won’t help-- she’s got no talent &amp; no persona. Too many tv cancellations!
Price gouging at many gas stations, $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.
It’s hard to believe that we are rationing gas in NYC. OPEC is laughing all the way to the bank.
.@cyndilauper Condolences on the passing of your uncle, and best wishes.
.@antbaxter Only the stupid @BBC would air your garbage—no wonder they are in such deep trouble.
.@antbaxter  Anthony—did you illegally take clips from the Letterman @Late_Show show and @GolfChannel without their approval?
.@antbaxter  I predict somebody is going to sue you!
.@antbaxter Dummy,thanks for increasing awareness of my big golf project in Aberdeen—sales are thru the roof &amp; Aberdeen seeing big benefits.
.@antbaxter—Heard your documentary cost you less than $3,000 to make—where did you get that kind of money?
.@antbaxter—Your documentary works better than any sleeping pill—in fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage!
Why do so many people say I hate President Obama—I don’t hate the President at all. I just disagree with his policies!
@antbaxter @Salon @antbaxter—Apprentice is a huge hit all over the world. Your cheap &amp; boring documentary is a tremendous flop.
9 million fewer people voted for Obama this election than last &amp; yet the Republicans lost—do you think they might be doing something wrong!
I got to know @johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
I received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in Trump Tower during Sandy. It was my pleasure to help.
Robert Pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of Twilight. He took my advice on Kristen Stewart...I hope!
The election was a major setback for economy. All young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate Obama's policies into their investments.
Of the 9 battleground states, we only carried North Carolina. I'm proud of @NCGOP &amp; glad I delivered keynote at their state convention.
Remember to watch the series finale of "The Men Who Built America" this Sunday at 8/7c on @History
Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous?
Romney campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one- they should have used me in Florida and Ohio &amp; he would be President.
Remember to watch the series finale of "The Men Who Built America" this Sunday at 8/7c on @History
China's Communist Party has now publicly praised Obama's reelection.  They have never had it so good.  Will own America soon.
At the end of the day, Obama won the battleground states by less than 500,000 votes. This was a winnable race.  GOP needs to do better!
With taxes set to go up and Obama about to cut the mortgage deduction, now is the time to buy a house if you can.  Can get a great deal.
.@davidaxelrod I'm sending you a check to help find a cure. @IvankaTrump says hi.
No surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating Obama's win.  They love a weak America that they can rip off.
I will and I agree! RT @ZacharyQuinto
@realdonaldtrump you can't possibly make any more money. so why don't you make a difference instead?!
I started to get very worried about Mitt's chances when I heard that A-Rod donated to his campaign. Everything A-Rod touches turns bad.
Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection.  They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now.
It is that time of the year.  The Trump Wollman Skating Rink is open to the public in Central Park.  The greatest ice rink in the country.
Letterman @Late_Show had Brian Williams @NBCNightlyNews as guest last night, I was on last Thursday
...I  trounced him in ratings &amp; Letterman beat @jayleno last Thursday. Brian—are you irrelevant?
Tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire @hardball_chris for his  comments on Sandy &amp; the death &amp; destruction it caused.
A test: tweet me the reason @billmaher was fired from @ABC (other than his bad ratings).
“A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.” -- J. P. Morgan
Now that the election is over, watch Chrysler ship @Jeep production to China--my prediction.
It has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle.  We will fight on!
Beijing had a bigger celebration than Chicago last night.  The Chinese are happier with the election than we are.
The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today.  Welcome to @BarackObama’s second term.
Congrats to @KarlRove on blowing $400 million this cycle. Every race @CrossroadsGPS ran ads in, the Republicans lost. What a waste of money.
Millions without electricity across NY &amp; NJ. The media has covered for Obama’s massive failure. Can you imagine if this was another Pres?
Pervert alert.  @RepWeiner is back on twitter. All girls under the age of 18, block him immediately.
It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming!
We have to make America great again!
Our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!
Another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
Brian, if I'm "well past the last exit to relevance" how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night? @NBCNightlyNews
Brian Williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. People will learn the truth! @NBCNightlyNews
Brian, I hope @NBCNightlyNews isn't paying you too much--look at what's happening to nightly news.
Brian--Thanks dummy--I picked up 70,000 twitter followers yesterday alone. Cable News just passed you in the ratings. @NBCNightlyNews
The voting booth process was a total disaster—it could and should be much better and more efficient—tremendous room for error!
.@bwilliams--wouldn't you love to have my ratings?
The only thing more boring than @bwilliams newscast is his show Rock Center which is totally dying in the ratings—a disaster!
.@bwilliams knows that I think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night.
Trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit Rockaways residents #Sandy
I’ve sent a 10-wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of Queens today #TrumpCares
P.S. 42 in Queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for Rockaway residents #HurricaneSandyRelief
House of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare.
Hopefully the House of Representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up!
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
Our nation is a once great nation divided!
Our country is now in serious and unprecedented  trouble...like never before.
This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy!
Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! The world is laughing at us.
We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided!
Well, back to the drawing board!
@dionnewarwick thanks for your nice statement on Access Hollywood. You are a great person and talent...I adore you!
Whoever wins today, remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. Our work is not done until America is strong again.
.@MRbelzer is a stone cold loser with no talent--why did they ever put him on "Law and Order?"
I love show "Law and Order" but the @MRbelzer casting is the worst ever. No talent--unwatchable!
I have had the pleasure of getting to know @AnnDRomney &amp; @MittRomney this past year. They love America. Let's push them over the top today.
Do we still want a President who bows to the Saudis and lets OPEC rip us off? Make America strong, vote for @MittRomney.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet.
.@ABFalecbaldwin  Alec--it's not science, it's a con--read the e-mails.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina.  There is no excuse why people don’t have electricity or fuel yet.
@Tappersong  Thanks Gary.
Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't.
If you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from Obama supporters, make sure you report it immediately.
Yesterday Obama campaigned with JayZ &amp; Springsteen while Hurricane Sandy victims across NY &amp; NJ are still decimated by Sandy.  Wrong!
Make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. If you have any problems, notify the poll workers.
More reports of voting machines switching Romney votes to Obama. Pay close attention to the machines, don't let your vote be stolen
“Change can’t be measured in speeches.  It is measured in achievements.” -- @MittRomney yesterday in Fairfax, VA.
Save Medicare.  Vote for @MittRomney.  He will repeal Obamacare on day one.
Make sure to vote today.  Vote for real change.  Change that will deliver jobs and a free &amp; strong America.  Vote for @MittRomney.
In the 1950’s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years.
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
@NGen52  I never went bankrupt.
@jtylerdowling   Thanks
@SpencerLJackson  Yes!
Remember: Obama turned down $5M to charity which I said I would increase by 10X to $50M--just to show simple records. He's hiding lots!
The Apprentice was the #1 show on television last season on Sunday from 10 to 11 --- congratulations Donald!
Despite the upcoming election, the cover of paper-thin Time Magazine looks like an ad for the movie Lincoln--sad!
Before you vote, think: Obama wants to raise taxes, @MittRomney wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
Why is Obama playing basketball today? That is why our country is in trouble!
I was invited to be with Mitt Romney tonight --- win, lose, or draw, I’ll be there!
Answer to your questions- I will be voting at 10:30 AM at Lighthouse International 110 East 60th Street, Manhattan
Go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
Tune in for #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning.
Benghazi is bigger than Watergate.  Don’t let Obama get away with allowing Americans to die.  Kick him out of office tomorrow.
The outer boroughs of Manhattan are still devasted by Sandy. How would the press cover this if a Republican was President.
China is worried. The polls are trending for @MittRomney. They won’t be able to steal from us anymore.
.@ABFAlecBaldwin  P.S. Your brother @StephenBaldwin7 is doing very well on @ApprenticeNBC--and he stated he "adores you."
.@ABFAlecBaldwin  They were rising in the 1950's then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity.
Voting for @GovGaryJohnson is voting for Obama--don't waste your vote!
Tomorrow’s election will have historic repercussions for our country.  Make America strong again.  Vote for @MittRomney.
@mcuban ---- Do you mean the President's birthplace?
.@mcuban Letterman @Late_Show had his best ratings with me--and you bombed. People don't care about Mark Cuban.
After 13 seasons, @ApprenticeNBC easily beat Shark Tank in ratings last year-- better demos as well.
.@mcuban, Shark Tank was shoved to Friday evening-- Friday is considered “dead television.” Besides, you are not the star (&amp; never will be).
Obama just stated "It's always good to ignore Donald Trump." I state he is right, especially when the truth is against him.
.@mcuban Baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didn’t want you to buy a team--- but I don’t think you have the money anyway.
Via @WSJ: “A New Direction For America” by @MittRomney
@ojmart  Thank you!
@acman84  True!
Like Al Sharpton, @DonnyDeutsch apologized to me for calling me a racist on @todayshow--apology accepted!
Don't believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)--see how fast @Jeep production will be moved to China--and I'll be watching!
.@mcuban When Apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with The Benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for @ABC.
Only 1 mill. dollars @mcuban? Offer me real money and I’d consider it. Your team and networks lose so much money I doubt you have much left!
Dummy @mcuban is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself!
In ’08, America voted for Hope &amp; Change.  Instead, we got incompetency.  Now it is time to put a real job creator in office. Vote 4 Mitt!
We can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. China is thrilled with us!
It’s extremely cold in NY &amp; NJ—not good for flood victims. Where is global warming?
.@CNN is looking at Jeff Zucker to lead them out of the forest--Jeff would be a great choice.
Remember, go vote--we need real change this time.
@Lorrainejuliet @EDLTrobinson @FloridaJayhawk @hannityshow  Must be careful &amp; smart!
@ewim55 Then he wouldn't be president.
@TrickettTweeter  No, his facts are very bad for him.
@eheinlen Yes.
.@ralphreed is doing a great job!
Remember when you vote, Obamacare is a disaster!
@MittRomney will turn this mess around!
Make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go Romney!
Trump Hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victims...we love doing it!
Gary Johnson is asking people "to waste" their vote on him. Make it count - vote for @MittRomney.
We don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. Obama will steal it. Make sure all your friends and family vote.
Obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years??
Undecideds in OH,PA and WI will make the difference. All should ask themselves if they want $6/gallon gas because it will come under Obama.
Pennsylvania is in play @MittRomney. All undecideds in Philly suburbs should ask themselves - who do you trust most on @Israel?
I think @TheRevAl should take this challenge. Axelrod was too scared. RT: @RonKaufmanIntrn: Kaufstache vs. Sharpstache.
Considering Obama hasn’t proposed anything concrete, if he wins he won’t have a mandate.  Another 4 years of legislative stalemate.
Castro, Chavez and Ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results.  They are praying Obama wins.
Obama promised 5.2% unemployment by October 2012.  His promises are worthless!
Make sure to catch @history’s season finale of “The Men Who Built America” on Sun, November 11th.  Great show.
Reality TV’s #1 Bad Girl @OMAROSA is back on the upcoming 13th season of All Star @CelebApprentice.   She is great as always.
Could be the hurricane helps @MittRomney--people are rioting in the streets over gasoline
Obama has destroyed the middle class.  In ’09, median household income was $55,198.  Now it is $50,678.  Four more years?
I have an idea for A-Rod---buy a home at @TrumpGolfLA overlooking the Pacific--will bring you better luck.
A-Rod is now looking for an expensive home in Beverly Hills--why aren't the @Yankees terminating his contract for misrepresentation?
.@eagles should sit Michael Vick. He is a great athlete but less than average quarterback.
Unemployment is now 7.9%.  Four years and $6.5T later, that is really bad!
How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction.
Interestingly, the hurricane may now be a disaster for Obama's reelection because of his grandstanding.
People are struggling to get gasoline for their cars--we are like a third world country.
I'm sending lots of bottled water out to Staten Island &amp; Long Island.
.@TheRevAl came to my Trump Tower office to apologize for calling me a racist--very nice, apology accepted!
.@BarbaraJWalters called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with her--sadly, I won't be able to do it.
.@RalphGilles of Chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy language--not very professional.
We should not allow @Chrysler to move @Jeep jobs to China after they said they wouldn't--stay tuned!
.@Chrysler disputes my statement--but watch Chrysler move @Jeep jobs to China after the election.
With long gas lines &amp; total disarray from storm, the hurricane may yet be a negative for Obama.
It was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can't be good for Obama.
Next year I will be changing the name of 800 acre Doral to Trump National Doral. It will be the best resort in the country—Miami is hot!
I will start reviewing various political reporters etc &amp; websites as to their professionalism &amp; fairness—many people asking for this.
How could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi?  And he continues to lie to the public!
What is your thought as to why Obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications?
Nice to see Obama released a situation room photo from Sandy.  How about releasing the photo taken during Benghazi?
Everybody knows why Obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say!
If I would have offered Obama a billion dollars to show his records, he would have refused.
I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public.
President Obama missed the deadline!
Obama is a terrible negotiator. He bails out Chrysler and now Chrysler wants to send all Jeep manufacturing to China--and will!
Why is Obama’s auto bailout now creating jobs in China?  He is ruining American industry.
To all @MittRomney supporters, make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can GOTV on election day.
You know the world is crazy when New York gets hit by a hurricane-- and Florida doesn't.
Let's continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories &amp; manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming. China is so happy!
Do you believe @algore is blaming global warming for the hurricane?
From 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the East Coast.
It's 10 AM: Two hours to go for Obama to easily pick up millions for charity!
@stass13 Thanks!
Obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a President--give me a break.
A lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5M will be donated to.  The onus is on Obama to first release his records.
President Obama, if it is important to you, I will substantially increase the $5M offer!
President Obama, please take the $5M check for charity tomorrow. It is so easy and could do so much good!
Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #Sandy. My honor.
Congratulations to @MittRomney on getting the @DMRegister, @NewYorkPost, @NewYorkObserver &amp; @NashuaTelegraph endorsements!
Spoiler--@dennisrodman has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of @CelebApprentice...
How does a dummy like @billmaher get a television show--&amp; his ratings stink. You'd think @HBO could do a lot better.
A lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with Obama’s lack of transparency. I don't blame them.
There is nothing I would be happier to do than to donate the $5M to a charity of Obama’s choice, once he releases all of his records.
.@Disney's acquisition of Lucas Film is a smart deal for both sides.  Disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue.
In the spirit of transparency, Obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of Tyrone Woods pleading for military support in Benghazi.
Today Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ. Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater.
Congratulations Kevin Gabriel on your amazing article. If I were a journalist this would be the next Watergate, and I would be a star.
.@oreillyfactor called me a "master marketeer" last night--I am not. I am a great builder--I build great things &amp; people come.
Kevin Garnett's response to Ray Allen last night was that of a great competitor--nothing wrong--in fact it was terrific. A champion!
I was standing with @SHAQ when a young high school star, Kevin Garnett @Celtics, said to a crowd "Forget Shaq, I want to meet Donald Trump."
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go.
The President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity. Looking like he won't be doing it. What is he hiding?
The polls &amp; momentum  are trending towards @MittRomney. Don't let the hurricane change your thinking!
Fans shouldn't worry.  We have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of @CelebApprentice appropriately due to the storm.
Maybe Obama should donate my $5M to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
Scary.  Obama and the Democrat Senate have accrued over $5T worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years.  4 more years?
Why does Obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something?
@digiphile @RedCross RT if you think Pres.Obama should release his records to get $5M for charity--for Red Cross or another great charity
Glad to hear that @taylorswift13 will be co-hosting the Grammy nominations special on 12.5.  Taylor is terrific!
Let’s be honest, if Obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm, then he would have been in Ohio on Monday.
How did Obama go to a Las Vegas fundraiser on 9.12, the day after he refused to send help to Americans in Benghazi?
I never fall for scams.  I am the only person who immediately walked out of my ‘Ali G’ interview
Another great cause Obama could send my $5M donation to is a charity for 9/11 First Responders. They are American heroes.
These last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4% GDP. Obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in American history.
The election is trending towards @MittRomney. Americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline.
The Trump Tower atrium is such a great place &amp; kept thousands of people warm &amp; safe during the storm--thanks, staff!
Remember this: Obama wants to raise taxes, @MittRomney wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
Don't let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states.
I am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap, I would have been lambasted from coast to coast.
Because of the hurricane, I am extending my 5 million dollar offer for President Obama's favorite charity until 12PM on Thursday.
Not only giving out money, but Obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real President --- don't fall for it.
Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.
I saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm.
The water damage to NYC is amazing. The winds were bad but the water was worse.
All weights are on crane's wrong side ---  very precarious below, move out!
If authorities need direct view from top of Trump Tower, call office.
We are taking care of hundreds of people in the Trump Tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. Free coffee and food.
So far the hurricane is being handled very well in NY, not nearly as bad as stated on news. Let's see what happens later.
Many people walked out on Madonna's concert when she told them to vote for Obama. Years ago I walked out because the concert was terrible!
Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies.
Dave Letterman @Late_Show said during my interview that Obama was "probably" born in the US--the word "probably" is a disaster for Obama.
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go.
I guess @BillMaher saw my ratings on the @Late_Show the other night where Letterman beat Leno. Bill, you are no Letterman.
While @BetteMidler is an extremely unattractive woman, I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct.
.@BetteMidler talks about my hair but I'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body --- so I won't. Is this a double standard?
Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- I agree.
A lot changed when David Letterman said " he was probably born in this country"--- the word probably is a total disaster for Obama.
@johnsununu is taking major heat for calling the president lazy. But the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy. Fight on John!
@BernardMcGuirk. That's more than O'Reilly did ...and he is supposed to be my friend. You're terrific!
@Bernard McGuirk Thanks for being so nice and defending me on O'Reilly...you're terrific!
Alert...The president knew that the ambassador was being attacked  in Benghazi. He did nothing...he is no leader.
@DonnyDeutsch tries so hard to be a star. But, he just doesn't have what it takes...and he never will.
I put @DonnyDeutsch on Apprentice at his request, I did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my Obama announcement.
I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President.
The TODAY Show should call me about who to put on the show— I know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
I hear they are very unhappy w/ Arianna and @huffingtonpost at @AOL. I’ll bet she won’t be there for long!
If Obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent, what will he say?
If my offer is refused, every undecided OH voter will be fully aware that Obama denied $5M to charity all because he is hiding something!
Barack Obama has everything to gain. Why would anyone ever deny $5M to charity?
I have decided to add a caveat to my offer. Obama can't decide to send my $5M to Rev. Wright if he releases his records.
My fellow Tea Party friends in Ohio--make sure you take advantage of early voting so you can GOTV election day. Know you can! Must win Ohio.
Where's the transparency? Despite Obama's denial @sfchronicle stands by report he just talked with Jeremiah Wright.
Looking forward to being the special guest at tonight's Dutchess County #GOP dinner--to a SOLD OUT crowd. It will be great fun.
Pretty audacious for Obama to call @MittRomney a BSer when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write.
By the way, where is @Oprah? Good question. 4 years ago she strongly supported Obama--now she is silent. Anyway, who cares, I adore Oprah.
...Colin Powell thought Iraq has weapons of mass destruction.
Obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester. The Middle East is a mess. Yet Colin Powell still endorses him. Wonder why?
Be careful of an Obama "bomb" to win election! Would be a horrible thing to do.
The election is still close but trending toward @MittRomney. He leads all national polls and Obama's likeability is imploding. VOTE!
Wow! Letterman show @Late_Show won the ratings last night big time--and guess who was his guest? DJT
@crushthespirit  True!
What a dumb mistake AOL made buying the @huffingtonpost. How much longer will Arianna last--I predict not much.
@MikeMpef Thanks, I hope you enjoyed it, had a great time.
@destiny_113 @StephenAtHome  I agree.
@MaureenPeronne @Late_Show  Thanks, it was a great show..
@MRJMF1 @Late_Show Thanks I will.
Stupid Arianna @huffingtonpost hired the man who ruined the once-great NYTimes Business Section...
...a real loser named Tim O'Brien--and it's never recovered.
Dopey Arianna @huffingtonpost is really after me--boring story after boring story...but I hear she is in big trouble!
I knew last year that @TIME Magazine lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their Top 100...
... I will soon start naming magazines that I think will fold--I predicted Newsweek.
@yewkalaylee  Great idea.
@seketa77  I hope so for the charity's sake
@TylarReese Thanks Tylar
@LianneOnLife I love the Wounded Warriors--Obama should choose that as his $5M charity.
@RyanSeven Sounds like a good idea.
@Erizzle05  Only because he has something to hide.
.@SabrinaSiddiqui  Re: Taylor and Conor--great news for Taylor!
Based on the ovation last night from the Letterman @Late_Show audience, I believe it will be hard for Obama to throw $5M down the drain....
....instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause.
Another great charity that the $5M could go to just a recommendation to the Pres. - the Wounded Warriors represented so well by @TraceAdkins
Lots of response that Obama should give the $5M to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in Benghazi.
Letterman @Late_Show was great last night. I had a lot of fun. You could see his audience really wanted Obama to take the $ for charity.
It is really a shame that Barack Obama may stop $5M from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent.
Doing David Letterman @Late_Show tonight at 11:30. 1st nite of Sweeps.Going into the lion's den but I've been there many times before. Enjoy
Six days and counting until my offer to Barack Obama expires...
For someone who demanded 20 years of Mitt's tax returns, you would think my offer to donate $5M to charity for his records is an easy go.
I hope Derek Jeter’s recovery is going well.  He is a very special player and a great guy.  New York loves him. @yankees
@politico has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting.
What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity.
@michellemalkin I fully supported McCain but when he lost, hoped Obama would be great for U.S. --- he wasn't.
.@Mark_Sanchez shouldn’t be too upset over @EvaLongoria.  He will always do great!
I am offering the chance for Barack Obama to redistribute $5M to any charity of his choice.  Everyone wins.  Take the deal.
“Our side needs Donald Trump.” -- @AnnCoulter on @seanhannity’s show last night.  Thanks Ann.
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv--Why did you choose me as one of the 10 Most Fascinating People of the Year last season (and more than once?)
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv will apologize to me just like she did when I was right about @Rosie. Besides, I get great ratings on The View.
.@BarbaraJWalters @theviewtv  Barbara, unfortunately you've missed the entire point of my announcement--you just don't get it!
Still waiting for an explanation about why @GiulianaRancic &amp; @BillRancic did not name their son Donald.  Unbelievable.
Miss Universe 2012 Pageant will be airing live on @nbc &amp; @Telemundo december 19th. Open invite stands for Robert Pattinson.
Excited to announce that @GiulianaRancic &amp; @BravoAndy will be hosting the 2012 Miss Universe Pageant. Great ratings for Miss Universe.
How does @michellemalkin get a conservative platform? She is a dummy--just look at her past.
I am happy to have started #ObamasFavoriteCharity. Really enjoying reading everyone's tweets.
Just stated by a total pro: "You are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking."
Glad to hear North Carolina is solid for @MittRomney.  It started trending for Mitt solidly after my speech at the @NCGOP convention.
In light the Benghazi emails released last night, it is apparent that Obama has no problem lying to the American public...
... By releasing his records, he can come clean with the American people and have $5 million go to a charity.
Obama has no problem leaking national security secrets.  Why can't he release his records?  Especially when $5M is going to charity.
I am happy to donate $5 million to a charity Barack Obama chooses.  All I am asking is that he is transparent with the American people
I just learned that @politico has no credibility--total phonies that don't report the truth. A puppet of Obama?
Glad to hear @seanhannity supports my offer to Obama.  As Sean says “it is an easy $5 million to charity.  What does Obama have to lose?”
Third rate @politico took every negative tweet or response they could find &amp; put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive.
My offer to Obama is about transparency. In 2008, American people were sold on hope and change. This our last chance to get the full record.
The response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! Thank you!
All predictions re: my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect.  Stay tuned!
Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook.
If you like having the world collapse and being told America is leading from behind--vote Obama.
No wonder @BBC is in such big trouble &amp; boss was just fired--they are lost.
.@BBC should never have played that piece of garbage documentary--&amp; yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course.
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for Trump..."
Thank you to @DailyTelegraph reviewer @NeilMidgley who stated "'You've Been Trumped' was so biased in favour of the protesters...
.@bobschieffer did an excellent job as debate moderator last night. I only wish Mitt was more aggressive!
Everyone is asking me to speak more on Robert &amp; Kristen.I don't have time except to say "Robert, drop her, she cheated on you &amp; will again!"
Last night was the first time Obama said "we" instead of "I" in respect to Bin Laden's killing.
Barack Obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after Bin Laden--- now he wants all of the credit!
My announcement is tomorrow!
Tomorrow I will be tweeting on only one subject!
China will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own!
Mitt Romney must start congratulating the Navy Seals and military on Bin Laden’s killing, not the President.
.@MittRomney should have been more aggressive last night. Yet some polls have him winning the debate.
When the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden, is there anyone with a brain that would not have said "Ok, go get him"?
Lance Armstrong fought for 7 years &amp; then just ran out of energy. Very sad story--although they caught him red handed.He definitely cheated!
No matter what happens in the election, @davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit. He has kept Obama in it, even with his terrible record.
I always said that @lancearmstrong had to keep fighting the charges. By stopping, he gave his enemies an opening.
The debate was pretty even but I thought Mitt should have been much more aggressive on Obama's failed foreign policy-- and I mean much more.
Debate was somewhat hard to watch last night. Viewership will be way down.
I will be doing @SquawkCNBC at 7:30.
Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden. #debate
.@MittRomney looks much calmer, and Obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward.
Bob Schieffer will do a great job tonight. Always treated me fairly.
Well this is it, the final debate- let's see how it goes. I'll be tweeting live.
Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit. All he did is say O.K.
I look forward to @MittRomney hitting Obama hard tonight for lying about Benghazi. CIA told Obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs.
Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama---just wait and see!
Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart. In a couple of years, he will thank me. Be smart, Robert.
Obama is an easy target on foreign policy.@MittRomney has many openings to attack, especially when Obama starts bragging about Bin Laden.
Obama planted that @nytimes story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table.
The brass in #TRUMP Tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. I keep the atrium impeccable. Key to its success!
.@Toure I felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on @PiersMorgan. He drove you insane but, of course, Piers is a lot smarter than you
My son Don and his wife Vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named Spencer Frederick --very thrilling.
I wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans!
.@Toure, when you are fired from MSNBC for your bad ratings and racist coverage, stop by and say hello.
Autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. We lose nothing to try.
Lots of autism and vaccine response. Stop these massive doses immediately. Go back to single, spread out shots! What do we have to lose.
Stay tuned for my big Obama announcement--- probably on Wednesday. 
People are going crazy with my comments on Diet Coke (soda). Let's face it--this stuff just doesn't work. It makes you hungry.
Obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community &amp; are very expensive &amp; unreliable.
I will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
Derek, get well soon, the @Yankees need youl.
Gas prices are at crazy levels--fire Obama!
Don Butler and executives are doing a great job at @Cadillac--- the cars are fantastic.
The biggest problem with A-Rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the Yankees--- he must go.
Fort Hood shooting should be declared a terror attack. Respect the wounded and dead.
Good luck to Derek on his operation. I know it will be a success--- he is a great champion.
Derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately. It will be lucky for him like in past.
Derek Jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in Trump World Tower.
7.8% unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday.Real unemployment is at least 15%
.@MittRomney's @RNC convention came in over $3M under budget.  Barack’s @DNC convention is over $10M in debt.  What a surprise!
Can't wait for @VanityFair to fold which, under Graydon Carter, will be sooner rather than later.
.@VanityFair's terrible piece on Mitt's faith is a new low, even for them.
Where were all the @VanityFair exposes on "When Rev. Wright disciples go to Washington?"  Sad!
Rev. @BillyGraham is a great man and so is his son, Franklin Graham.
Rev.@BillyGraham is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the Christian community on @MittRomney.
Both Barack and @MittRomney were excellent at the Al Smith dinner last night!
A lot of the @Yankees should be ashamed of their play in the post season. They are lucky they don't have to deal with George Steinbrenner.
I hope @boyscouts of America handle their problems a lot better than the board at Penn State did. You can't do any worse!
@rginn_1 Toledo is a great place--I've been there &amp; worked in Cincinnati for 2 years--I love Ohio.
@RickyTheBitch @ladygaga I think Gaga is great--her 1st major appearance at my Miss Universe Pageant in Vietnam/6 yrs ago Should give me 25%
Newly released NH poll has @MittRomney with a 1 point lead. Mitt will pull away next week.
Obama has called Libya attack "a bump in the road" and "not optimal." Just come clean already--tell Americans the truth!
Maybe Derek Jeter should ask A-Rod about renting his apartment next year. Very soon A-Rod won't need a place in NYC.
Yes--I will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday.
@stu120 No, sadly, not even close!
.@katyperry is no bargain but I don't like John Mayer--he dates and tells--be careful Katy (just watch!).
So many tweets &amp; stories on Stewart/Pattinson Look, it doesn't matter-- the relationship will never be the same. It is permanently broken.
@D_Hastie @lancearmstrong  No, I said U.S. destroyed a once American icon
Congratulations to Bernie Marcus &amp; Herman Cain @JobCreatorsUSA on the #TruthTour2012--All employers need to check this out!
.@lancearmstrong really blew it--went down in flames--too bad!
Why would Ohio listen to Bruce Springsteen reading his lines? Be careful or I will go to Ohio and @MittRomney will win it!
@JakfromBk Thanks!
@MisterJoe49 @Yankees I agree, but their careers weren't fueled by drugs.
Obama said "not optimal" to Ambassador &amp; embassy killings--bad word usage for a Harvard graduate.
@evaemery Never give up. You have what it takes.
Great decision by Donald Graham @Newsweek to sell. I'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall.
With Barry Diller &amp; Tina Brown in charge, did anyone doubt that @Newsweek would be a massive failure?
Something really bad happened to the @Yankees psyche--much like our President!
.@Yankees should get rid of A-Rod ASAP--I can't watch this guy anymore!
.@evaemery Thanks--you sound great!
@Rosie @realDonaldTrump  Thanks for the info Rosie--get well.
I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next week--stay tuned!
Can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. Time certainly flies!
The Yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?
@gastronome2  I love India!
Hey @Rosie--how is your recovery going? I hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon!
@waycooljr37 @Nationals Bob Kraft &amp; Coach Bill are far too smart!
@YouthPastorDarr @seanhannity @megynkelly @JohnCena Good luck!
@toddulu @Nationals I hope that's the reason--otherwise, just plain stupid.
@donmarie16  A total professional.
@CalumSpence Greatly appreciated, thanks.
@Morali_Arch Great to meet you also.
@NeanderthalMan1 @MittRomney  I was referring, of course, to Bill Clinton's statement on the economy.
@crazymom28 I have a friend that wants to meet your sister.
The last time I visited China I couldn't believe all the construction. You can go up with a project in a week--no red tape.
It's Thursday. How much money did Barack Obama waste today on crony green energy projects?
Clinton commented in Ohio today that @MittRomney is right, the economy has not been fixed under Obama.I always said Bill was an honest man.
When Strasburg leaves @Nationals for another team for more money, will Washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good?
Bad sign for Obama's campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states. Their internals must be horrendous.
While the next season of @CelebApprentice is packed w/ All Stars, ours fans will be happy to see @Joan_Rivers in the board room.She is back!
Derek Jeter @yankees wants to rent an apartment. Derek--only in a Trump building--Trump is lucky for you.
Now there is talk of A-Rod being shipped to @Marlins. If A-Rod is not a @yankee next year, the fans will be happy.
I think the @yankees will win today. Unlike A-Rod, CC is good under pressure. I hope A-Rod plays, however.
Robert I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen- but I'm right. If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider.
@darbizman  Thanks!
@G_Harwood  Because they are either jealous or losers (or both).
Newsweek ending print edition--sad. Now my Newsweek covers mean nothing--they lost all credibility. TIME to follow?
@PartyCoveMag @espn @politico @WSJ  Thanks!
@loveandgarbage  Dopey--who went bankrupt, you? I never did.
@womenzbinder Check the records, dummy--I was never a Bush II fan--he is why we have Obama!
@antbaxter @MailOnline  They only suffered by watching your 3rd rate documentary (which bombed).
@jeff_coles  I will--thanks.
Lots of response to my Pattinson/Kristen Stewart reunion. She will cheat again--100 certain--am I ever wrong?
Looking forward to honoring the great Dogan family &amp; the success of the Trump Towers project in Istanbul @FollowTurkey Annual Gala Dinner
Alert--US jobless claims up 46,000 to 388,000. Really bad news. 7.8% is now a fraud--not possible!
Amazing--my tweets are covered across every spectrum from @espn to @politico to @WSJ.
Obama's spending and borrowing is burying America and destroying our children's future. Does he even care?
.@ashleycam2883 Re: Libya--Hillary took the blame for Obama.
Mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college records--all of them.
.@mystikangel  Bring @johnrich back? He is back!
What is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. We should be given credit for taking this risk.
Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight?
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog &amp; will do it again--just watch. He can do much better!
Michael Vick of the Philadelphia @eagles is a great athlete but not a great quarterback.
Initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped. See what happens when I am not mentioned.
Just read about my friend @HulkHogan--he was set up--too bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles.
@BillRancic  Bill- You should have named your beautiful son Donald.
Joe Girardi @Yankees must play his starters, even A-Rod, they got you there.
While the @Yankees look like they quit and are finished, they won't quit for CC
Obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it, especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
.@MittRomney scored last night on both substance and style.
...Bad decisions can be devastating.
Obama was beaten but not knocked out.  He lives to fight another day. But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
All the guys that said @MittRomney would lose are rapidly coming on board.  Mitt will remember the early helpers.
If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically, environmentally &amp; aesthetically.
Robert Bryce @NYPost--Congrats on your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines &amp; how destructive they are. Windmills are a disaster.
Remember, new "environment friendly"  lightbulbs can cause cancer. Be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care.
Wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds, they are killing the finances &amp; environment of many countries &amp; communities.
Really enjoyed discussing @yankees yesterday with @RealMicihaelKay. I am a long time Yankee fan.
@marileenelson Thanks
My twitter followers will soon be over 2 million--&amp; all the "biggies." It's like having your own newspaper.
My twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don't put it past him!
Obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively.
Do you believe Barack Hussein Obama (aka Barry Soetoro) looked like a president last night? I don't!
Obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. If we do not win energy as a country, we just do not win, period!
I still love Derek, he is a winner!
Remember, I said Derek don't sell your Trump World Tower apartment...its been lucky for you. The day after he sold it, he broke his foot.
At the debate, the President kept talking of what he is going to do. I kept saying, why didn't he do it?  He lost me a long time ago.
Verlander pitched great, but @Yankees look truly defeated.
Stupid George Will gave @MittRomney no chance 3 months ago. Take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy.
George Will said "best debate he ever saw". If you ever heard George Will speak(boring) anything is exciting.
Debate showed--- these guys really hate each other. At one point it looked like they would come to blows. 
Obama better than last time, but again, @MittRomney wins. Good night. #debate
You talk tough, Mr. President, but have done nothing about China killing our jobs and economy.
Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done.
.@MittRomney much better on Libya and Middle East problems. Obama has no answer.
Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton.
Obama weak on immigration. All words, no action. He's been Prez 4 years.
Obama is looking rhetorical and weak. @MittRomney is looking strong and sharp.
Obama just said @MittRomney was "a very successful investor"--- big mistake for Obama to admit- he has less and less credibility.
Obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? It's all talk.
.@MittRomney looks much stronger and much more Presidential!
Then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices?
Good response on jobs by @MittRomney.
Why has Obama let China and others take our jobs?
Why hasn't Obama created jobs?
Getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
I was just told by one of the top @PGATOUR players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country. Very nice compliment--I agree.
We should be able to negotiate a deal with Iran because they know we could blow them away to the Stone Age.They just don't believe we would.
@drumline_mormon  It is selling great at Macy's--thanks!
For political purposes only, Obama is planning to hit Libya for the Benghazi embassy attack right before the election?
Great win last night by Peyton Manning &amp; @Denver_Broncos in San Diego coming from 24 points behind on the road. Very impressive.
If the @yankees can somehow beat Verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series. And I will go to games 6&amp; 7 so they will win!
Get ready for tonight!
@MissUSA  Olivia--we love you. You are doing a great job.
.@MittRomney--if Obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records &amp; transcripts--he will quiet down quickly.
Good luck @MittRomney tonight--have no doubt you will be great.
Congratulations to @JamesOKeefeIII on exposing more Democrat voter fraud.  @DNC was caught red handed telling people to vote twice.
I bet the terrorists in Libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in Benghazi.
Between Libya, the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious, Obama has had more national security scandals than any other President.
.@reince is doing a fantastic job for the Republican Party--hope he gets the credit he deserves.
.@antbaxter I tried watching but fell asleep.
.@History's wonderful "The Men Who Built America" with me on tonight at 9 -- bad timing, I'll be live tweeting the debate
Because Obama was so pathetic in the first debate, tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real.
The Coca Cola company is not happy with me--that's okay, I'll still keep drinking that garbage.
It's amazing--my weekly scheduled interviews on @foxnews and @CNBC draw the highest ratings. And they get bigger week by week--thanks folks!
Obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row. At least he is consistent.
Diet Coke tweet had a monster response--dammit, I wish the stuff worked.
.@antbaxter  Thanks for helping promote &amp; make Trump International Golf Links Scotland so successful--you stupid fool!
.@antbaxter  Your documentary died many deaths. You have, in my opinion, zero talent.
I can confirm the reports--@BillRancic, my first season winner, will be returning to this All-Star season of @CelebApprentice.
.@rupertmurdoch is absolutely right, it will be a nightmare for @Israel if Obama is re-elected.
Verlander is great but  very beatable. Does not have a good ERA in playoff games
I turned down going to the debate tonight so that I could do live tweets to my many followers.
I have no doubt that Mitt will do really well tonight. We'll all be watching @MittRomney.
Lots of pressure on Obama tonight--even more than A-Rod. If he doesn't perform well it could be over.
I hope A-Rod has a great night for the Yankees--he owes it to them--especially with Derek hurt.
@jbluvx2 Happy Birthday!
Gov. Gary Johnson pulling votes from @MittRomney--Don't waste your vote. Obama must go!
Based on very popular demand, I will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the Presidential debate.
If @MittRomney has a good debate tomorrow night, Obama is finished!
Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator. He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us.
A-Rod should donate his contract to charity. He doesn't make the @yankees any money and he doesn't perform. He is a $30M/yr rip off.
Looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala for @MittRomney supporters at the Intrepid. Mitt's doing well.
Barack Obama is not who you think he is. Most overrated politician in US history.
Isn't it time that Obama release his college records and applications? Boy would that create a mess! He is not who you think.
Lots of response to my comment on Diet Coke- let's face it, it doesn't work- just makes you hungry.
A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue--- even though he was on the juice!
Derek Jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at Trump World Tower- I told him not to sell- karma?
I love @LibertyUniversity--such great people!
A-Rod is just not making it. We want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great.
Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing.
Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks!
.@MittRomney's poll numbers are looking really good. One more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout. 
I have never seen a thin person drinking  Diet Coke.
No, I wasn't at the @Yankees game yesterday- can't go today either. When I go, they win.
Yankees can win today. Kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher.
A-Rod hit ball hard first at bat. Time for him to step up and leave.
Swisher should have caught ball in right field last night.
.@Yankees are in trouble without Derek. Try A-Rod at short- get him some confidence.
A bad thing finally happened to Derek Jeter--- he is a great champion.
So much for Washington shutting down Strasburg- they deserved to lose.
Roadway steel on beautiful Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is rusting and rotting away. Scrape and paint before too late.
Tonight, despite everything, put A-Rod in the lineup. 
Everyone's wondering what's wrong with A-Rod. Not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore-- the real reason. 
They found Jessica in Colorado--- body was mutilated--- death to the pervert killer.
Joe Girardi did a great job of managing the Yankees this series.
I'll bet Obama goes down just like Washington because he doesn't use our(this country's) best people to win.
Washington should have brought in Strasburg to relieve-- they would have won.
When Strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency Washington will say " what were we doing".
I told you, whenever I go to a @Yankees game the @Yankees win.
When an employee leaves me and begs to come back--I never let them. Loyalty is very important.
I look forward to Tuesday night's presidential debate--I wonder if Obama will use my name again.
Very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate.
Obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. The price of corn alone has risen over 200% since he was elected.
With our amazing All Star cast, @Joan_Rivers, @johnrich, @ArsenioOFFICIAL &amp; @piersmorgan are also returning as boardroom advisors.
Great to hear that our loyal @CelebApprentice fans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast. This will be something special!
.@dennisrodman looks like he really cleaned up his act.
I'm going to the @Yankees game tonight to root them on--they always win when I am there.
My Scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the world--a great honor for me.
Credibility is important to me- hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night. #VPDebate
Doing the @todayshow with @MLauer was great- I really like Matt.
First Minister of Scotland released bomber of Pan Am flight #103 on "compassionate grounds." Do you believe?
@dennisrodman @ApprenticeNBC Great to have you back for the best season yet!
ObamaCare is a complete disaster. Many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it. Terrible.
British PM Cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted &amp; environment destroying Scottish windmills.
Going over to @TodayShow now to introduce @ApprenticeNBC cast etc.-- watch.
Pretty even debate- no knockouts. However Ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger. What do you think? #VPDebate
Biden's statements on Medicare are very effective. Ryan must now come back and combat. #VPDebate
Excellent story on @MittRomney- very good moment for Ryan. #VPDebate
Biden's sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching. #VPDebate
Hard for Biden to justify Libya mess but doing best he can. #VPDebate
Both candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind. #VPDebate
Get ready- this should be informative and fun! #VPDebate
Looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment.
It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election. How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today?
Our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in U.S. history
Live tweeting during tonight's VP debate...should be a great time
How the hell does the Libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection?!
Why the hell did we help the Libyan "rebels" in the first place. That is the real scandal.
I suspect @JoeBiden could do well tonight. Don't be fooled by his gaffes. He is a seasoned and feisty debater.
If @rihanna is dating @chrisbrown again then she has a death wish. A beater is always a beater--just watch!
Amazing that Derek Jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night's @yankees game and did so well.
$30M a year and A-Rod is now relegated to the bench. @yankees would have lost if Girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th (see my prediction)
I guess they have Lance Armstrong cold. Brutal report. A waste of taxpayer money to take down an American hero.
.@Apprenticenbc cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30am ET on the @todayshow with @MLauer
Staff at Trump Park Avenue disliked A-Rod--to put it "mildly" -- The staff at Trump World Tower loves Derek Jeter.
Asking why my dislike of A-Rod--dishonorable dealings with me on an apartment deal
Great move to take A-Rod out of game. Now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation (drugs).
@usa67us  Thank you
I enjoy meeting tourists in #TrumpTower. People travel from across the world to see the five-level Atrium &amp; waterfall.
Congratulations to @FLGovScott on getting an "A" grade from @CatoInstitute on his fiscal policy. Rick is a fantastic governor.
I am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama. Be careful on Thursday night!
A-Rod must be dropped in the Yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. He simply can't perform without drugs.
Receiving thousands of thank you letters from @LibertyU students for my convocation speech. The honor was all mine!  Great people.
47M on food stamps. Over 23M Americans unemployed. 50% of college grads unemployed. And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird.
Has Barack Obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? Media?
I just had to fire someone, he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night.
27 days until America's greatest test since our founding. In this election, we decide whether we become great again.
Obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. Let's see how he reacts under pressure.
Remember, Obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to Hillary. Be careful!
I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod.
By popular request I will also be tweeting live during the Vice Presidential debate  Thursday night. It will be very interesting, I promise.
.@DavidLetterman @Late_Show fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. Thank you David--we are again friends.
The public is about to learn a lot more information on Barack Obama and his true background in the coming weeks…
Now that Obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran.  He is desperate.
Mitt’s subsequent rise in the polls post-debate shows that the American public can still spot a real winner.
“In order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts, you need to know about real estate.” - Think Like a Billionaire
With these record high gas prices, what does it say about Obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate?
Looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. Will be a lot of fun.
When will the unemployment numbers be corrected? Sadly, after the election!
George Will is a political moron. Last month he said Romney couldn't win.
In the end, Andy Pettitte did not rat out his friend Roger Clemens. I like him again, a lot.
Drop A-Rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use. Also, not a pressure player.
Why isn't Obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices?
California gas prices going thru the roof, others to follow. An election-losing event for Obama.
Greece should get out of the euro &amp; go back to their own currency--they are just wasting time.
.@ErraticSLK  Shout out = work hard!
.@carlosbeltran15 is playing great for St. Louis Cardinals. They made a wise decision.
.@jack_welch is correct--these reporters would not have been so brave while Jack was running GE.
Our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's @CelebApprentice. Our fans will be pleased.
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd -- whenever you mention me unfairly I will likewise mention you.
How long did it take for Obama to call Hugo Chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection?' Who do you think Chavez supports in ours?
Congratulations to @drewbrees on setting the @NFL record with 48 consecutive games with a TD pass. He is a great guy and player.
At the request of many- I will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.
Sleepy eyes @chucktodd is an absolute joke of a reporter. He is in the bag for Obama. He can't carry @jack_welch's jock.
Who is more believable on the state of employment--the great @jack_welch or some government bureaucrat who is voting for Obama?
Got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts. Too many incidents--fast trial, death penalty.
More than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate.  A new record.  See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned (just kidding)!
“The team with the best players wins.” -- @jack_welch
.@acuconservative's #CPACCO kept up the momentum from the debate. @MittRomney even made a surprise appearance. Now go win CO!
Now America knows--the Emperor has no clothes. Why would Obama do better in a 2nd debate? #Debate #Obama
My friend @GovChristie called it--@MittRomney recast the race.
Glad to hear that @RobinRoberts is doing well. She is a terrific person.
I promise to do a new #trumpvlog when I get back next week---- lots of requests. Thanks!
Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail.
Congrats to @Yankees on finishing 1st in the AL East. Derek Jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs!
@HighTide1989 Amazing is good too.
@LuLuCornbread @celebapprentice  Most likely in February.
The upcoming season of @CelebApprentice will be terrific--a great cast.
Congratulations to Michelle and Barack Obama on their 20th anniversary.
Happy to have just passed 1.5M followers on twitter. We picked up over 14,000 yesterday alone. It's great to speak to everyone daily.
I'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. The debate performance could be devastating to the Obama team. Let's see what happens.
@FSTLTD @tonyrobbins  Will be a great event. See you in London.
Both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. You need to stay positive.
.@SethMacFarlane will be a great Oscar host. He did an amazing job at my @ComedyCentral roast.
@Ajb073  Thank you.
Wind farms are ugly, not cost effective and don't produce worthwhile returns or energy. No wonder governments are giving up on them.
As a big job creator, I was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate.
Congratulations to Mitt Romney. He was not only good, he was absolutely fantastic tonight!
There's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's Barack Obama. Cut over $700M to move into ObamaCare.
Have you heard? China just told Obama to jump. Obama asked how high.
Obama's '07 speech which @DailyCaller just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him.
I'm always amazed when I travel to my foreign properties.Seeing the Trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal.
@SiphoSimelane Thank you.
@escobedoantonio Thank you
@Lexi_Michaels  Yes, absolutely.
@escobedoantonio Work hard and never give up!
Who is rooting for Obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press?
Can't wait for tonight's debate--actually delayed my trip to Europe so I can watch. This is going to be a great night.
I am very proud of Ivanka!
@DavidRoyEarle See you in London--big crowd!
Reverend Wright must have great hatred for Obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside.
Obama called Reverend Wright his friend, counselor &amp; great leader--then dumped him like a dog!
See June 2007 speech--is Obama a total racist?
The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me.
Where is the main stream media reporting on Univision's new expose of Fast and Furious? Too busy looking at Mitt's taxes?
.@ritter1025  Wishing your wife a Happy Birthday
It's Tuesday, how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for Obama?
I'll be on @gretawire tonight on @foxnews at 10 pm.
Great to hear that @nfl legend and hall of famer John Elway has endorsed @MittRomney in Colorado. CO is a must win state for Mitt.
Under Obama, Iran has taken over Iraq, Al Qaeda has taken over Libya, the Muslim Brotherhood now controls Egypt. Worst  foreign policy ever.
Woody Johnson's comments that he would rather have @MittRomney win the election than his @nyjets win games shows real patriotism.
The Chinese are now hacking White House computers. Why not? They already own the place.
Big win by @Yankees last night to take control of AL East. Jeter &amp; company now control their destiny.
Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 70 million voters will be watching.
Glad to hear @SethMacFarlane will be hosting this year's Oscars. Something new that should be fun.
If Obama mentions Mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then Mitt should immediately ask for Obama's college records &amp; applications
Al Qaeda taking over Libya after we made it possible--really amazing.
Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez said in a television interview that aired on Sunday "If I were American, I'd vote for Obama."
Big cancer risk from new "environmental" light bulbs"--a big price to pay!
Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic.
How many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the Afghanis they are training? Let's get the hell out of there and focus on U.S.
#TrumpTower is one of the country's top tourist destinations.
Obama deserves much less credit for the killing of Bin Laden. The praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers.
Republicans and @MittRomney must get tough very soon.
Only 36 days until the election. @MittRomney needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. #TimeToGetTough
In debate, @MittRomney should ask Obama why autobiography states "born in Kenya, raised in Indonesia."
Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya. He should be held accountable.
If you live in a state with early voting, you should be voting as soon as possible. Bring your friends and family with you.
.@IsraeliPM @netanyahu delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the UN. Too bad @AmbassadorRice wasn't there.
@Mr_Schwab You have to love what you do and keep your focus at all times.
It's amazing how different all of the polling results are--not an exact science.
My successful acquisition of the Kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools.
@jeffphilbin Wishing you good luck and a happy birthday.
The @rydercup is currently going on--and is one of the truly great sporting events.
.@LisaLampanelli  You are terrific (always). Great job on the Apprentice.
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once, so it's a formidable combination.
Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities &amp; possibilities, &amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
@BENJAMINPRICE18  Go for the gold standard--aim high. Be tenacious and have passion for your work.
Someone must be fired at @AOL for that stupid deal they made buying Huffington Post.
.@MittRomney must ask for Obama's college records &amp; applications--why is he not doing this?
ObamaCare is a failure. Costs are rising much faster under Obama than other Presidents.
A resort in Arizona is using sewage to make snow. Environmentalists are going crazy--I won't be skiing in that snow.
I hope the @RNC is ready for a Third Party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. They must fight hard.
Does Madonna know something we all don't about Barack? At a concert she said "we have a black Muslim in the White House."
How long will it take for chants-- "bring back the replacement refs" -- when a bad call is made?
Congratulations to my friend David Wright of the @mets who is now their all-time hitting leader.
40 days until the election. Crunch time. @MittRomney must stay on offense and take the fight to Obama.
@baeck I agree!
@BenHyrne @LibertyU  Thank you.
@RandySpangler Thank you.
Jerry Falwell, Jr. stated speech was best in University's history...my great honor.
Liberty University speech by DJT was biggest by far in school's history. Standing ovations...great young people!
Associated Press knowingly and inaccurately wrote about Liberty University speech. Shameful reporting...no credibility.
Huff post gets it wrong re: Ferry Point...the only leakage of gas is from Arianna Huffington.
No matter how good the replacement refs do, they will be soundly criticized--they can't win!
China has done very well under Obama. Now they just released their first aircraft carrier.
China is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage.
@ArchieMooreBye We have raised millions of dollars for charity.
@ForexBoxusd @LibertyU  Thank you
Housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck!
Pres. O -- a "bump in the road" in reference to our Ambassador's (and others) killing in Libya
.@Matt_Berry87  Piers did a great job--the interview was very important.
Aspirin gets the best press of almost anything I can think of---fact or great PR?
Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
.@brandonhardest  Love what you do and work hard.
Andy Williams has died. He was a friend of mine and a great guy.
English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines.
The number of unemployed Americans has increased over 60% during Obama's term. The economy can't survive another 4 years.
...One point I made sure to stress at @LibertyU is to be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you...
...Never let yourself be pushed around--but treat the good folks great.
Obama will be going on @theviewtv &amp; fundraising while in NYC for the UN Assembly...
...yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) Where's the media?
...well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of @CelebApprentice. The 'All Stars' are hard at work...
Did a shoot in front of the Metropolitian Museum on 5th Ave for the 13th season of the Apprentice...
The replacement refs are getting blamed for everything. I've seen many bad sports calls over the years.
One 57 is one of the worst looking buildings I've seen in a long time, in particular its very ugly "skin."
Emmys telecast is way down &amp; lowest telecast on record among young adults. Emmys have no credibility-Should have nominated Apprentice again!
@designergirla Late winter or early spring. It will be a great season!
@designergirla Not a bad idea!
@DANCESWITHMETAL  I am sure you would be just fine!
@OwenKelly Thanks!
Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure.
Home values have sunk a record 15% under Obama.
The debates are going to have a big impact on the election. @MittRomney has proved--in Florida--he delivers under pressure.
Scary--Obama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends.
With Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar, gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.
The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 9/11. Time for Obama to come clean.
Despite all of China's cheating, they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential!
All these polls released by news outlets are oversampling Democrats. They want to influence public perception of the race.
The Emmys are all politics, that's why, despite nominations, The Apprentice never won--even though it should have many times over.
The Emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show!
With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy, Obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not.
The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. They must be tough and smart.
Why did @MittRomney give his tax returns without demanding that Obama release his college records &amp; applications in return?
Just left Liberty University. Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr.&amp; his father have done an amazing job...great school &amp; the students were fantastic
The Ryder Cup will be amazing this week.
@jtatsuno  It's real.
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
No matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control over--luck...
...but interestingly, the same people seem to be lucky.
@susanvhinds  A happy and healthy family.
I really like Chelsea Clinton--an amazing young woman. She got the best of both parents. (@IvankaTrump agrees)
It is now clear that the Embassy attack in Libya was a coordinated Al Qaeda operation and not based on some video.
@Ileschinder @willsommer Not a bad idea.( I'm in a magnanimous mood.)
@murekar Thanks, and we will keep you posted.
@JesseStroup  Nice to hear--and good luck!
Yesterday I was in Washington, D.C. visiting the #TRUMP Old Post Office renovation. It will be magnificent.
Isn’t it great that Obama had time yesterday to fundraise with Jay Z and do @Late_Show while there is a record 21% real unemployment!
QE3, a political favor for Obama, will cause record inflation on food and fuel.  This hits low income families the hardest. Big mistake.
Have you seen the new #Trump fall collection exclusively available @Macys? Top selling brand nationwide.Ties, shirts, fragrance-great gifts.
...come down hard--tax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast.
China has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars &amp; auto parts. I've been saying this for 3 years...
Don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). It will destroy your property value.
Oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill. Our country would be rich again--who needs OPEC.
Technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago.
The stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
Obama should play golf with Republicans &amp; opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end.
@danojano @AFreespeechzone  Dopey--I have never filed for bankruptcy (as you know!)
@angela_pink_fan @celebapprentice @bretmichaels Tune in!
@RowRee It will be fantastic!
Filming for @CelebApprentice Season 13 is now into the 2nd week. The 'All-Star' cast is already hard at work.
Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb!
I'll be on @gretawire tonight at 10 PM Fox News
Can you believe--they are blaming @MittRomney for Egypt.
.@RICKYMONEY  I don't know a lot about failures. And as you know, I never went bankrupt.
.@lightjzup  Industrial turbines are destroying our land.
Liberal press won't look into why Obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with Romney's private comments.
None of Romney's leaked comments change the fact that Obama is a complete disaster. 20% real unemployment and $6T in deficit spending.
It's Tuesday. How many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores Obama's record?
The majority of Americans agree with @MittRomney's comments on @Israel and Iran.
With 49 days until the election, @MittRomney needs to stay on offense. He should not be apologizing. Deflect onto Obama's record.
@princeetornam They had both interest and aptitude. They've done a terrific job.
@rdowns I never went bankrupt. Enemies love to say I did. Didn't happen.
I'll be at Liberty University Monday, 10 AM, for speech. Looking forward to meeting students--all sold out!
It's Monday, how many more excuses will Obama make today about the economy?
Still a buyer's market. Buy directly from a bank. They want to offload properties that have defaulted, will give good prices &amp; financing.
Eli Manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarter--an elite quarterback.
With 50 days until the election, it is #TimeToGetTough for @MittRomney &amp; @GOP
Teachers in Chicago should go back to work immediately.Rahm Emanuel has offered them a fair deal. Now they're just acting for the cameras.
Gas prices have doubled under Obama. Over $5/gallon now in California. We must start drilling from our own resources to become independent.
Obama is our unlucky President. Everything he touches turns into a mess. Some people just don't have it!
After being ripped off for years, Obama finally figured out that China is taking advantage of us. He's finally listening to me.
Kate Middleton is great--but she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame.
Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job. It's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
Weekly jobless claims are up once again. The economy cannot recover with Obama in office.
Hey @KimKardashian--I hear you are undecided in the election. I can explain why you should vote for @MittRomney.
If you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read "The Art of the Comeback."
@Shawn_Maynard  This is our 13th season. No precise date yet but most likely in the early spring. Shooting is underway. Will be terrific.
@Steelchecker  Jody--Agreed.
Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast.
It's amazing--@hardball_chris has completely lost all connections to reality. He is a complete shill for Obama.
@ScottSaia23 Thanks Scott. I appreciate your nice words.
@Josh_Beaupre  Josh--Thanks, I think you're right.
@MaryEnglish67 @USAToday  Sometimes that's necessary.
Oh no, another rapper doing a Trump song --"Young Jeezy - Trump Lyrics." Why aren't these guys paying me?
@HeinzPak @usatoday That could be. Agreed.
@BuckingSlams  Sam, you're 100% correct. Frankly I wish they'd scram.
I hate @USAToday's redesign--the logo is terrible. Lightweight Al Neuharth must've had something to do with this No wonder paper is failing.
WOW! I just heard that the previously unknown singer Mac Miller has received over 67 million hits on his song "Donald Trump."
.@MittRomney should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. Obama, who put these radicals in power, deserves blame.
It's Thursday, how many more bias press reports will be released against @MittRomney?
Why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt?
I will be speaking Monday, September 24,
 (10 A.M.) at Liberty University, to a record setting student body. I look forward to it!
The media is pathetic. Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize @MittRomney.
What a coincidence that Obama's good friends in Libya and Egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies.
With allies like Egypt and Libya, who needs enemies?!
Shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11?
Obama told @NBC that Egypt is no longer an ally. They used to be until he pushed out Mubarak.
Filming of the record 13th season of @CelebApprentice has started. Be sure to be on the lookout for future updates.
If Obama was smart, he would cancel the Muslim Brotherhood's WH visit later this month. He won't.
With the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food.
Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had.
We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy. Great going Obama--Israel is in trouble.
This is all about American weakness and an incompetent President.
Weakness, cow towing and not standing firm is provocative. We are getting pushed around and robbed under this President.
Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP. If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013.
Deja vu - I can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed President. Obama=Carter.
I guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing?
Obama will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
OPEC will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. They are always ripping us off.
It's Wednesday, how many more of our embassies will be stormed by Islamists?
What did we get for fighting in Libya besides a dead Ambassador. Demand their oil.
As bad as they were, I don't remember our embassies being attacked when Mubarak and Gaddafi were in power.
Obama is a disaster at foreign policy. Never had the experience or knowledge. He is not capable of doing the job.
Libya is selling its oil to China--I notice the Chinese Ambassador is very safe.
I always said the people we fought for in Libya were bad news. Once again, I was right.
We fight to free Libya and they kill our Ambassador and other Americans. Obama's foreign policy is a joke.
When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? The day after.
Why is the Pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green.' Complete waste. We need the best &amp; easiest fuel for our military.
I hope the @GOP realizes that if they blow this election the Tea Party won't be with them next time.
Amazing. @CelebApprentice has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base.
Why won't Obama release his college applications? Is there something 'foreign' about them?
84% of US troops wounded &amp; 70% of our brave men &amp; women killed in Afghanistan have all come under Obama. Time to get out of there.
Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? Where's the media?
The onus of the Chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers &amp; their union. Inexcusable to leave children without school.
On this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that Bin Laden's last sight was a Navy SEAL pulling the trigger.
Today we remember and honor our fellow Americans and NYPD and FDNY who fell 11 years ago.
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
One of the best moves I ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom. But I used the downturn to my advantage.
A lot of people strongly advised me against doing @ApprenticeNBC. Next week we start filming the record 13th season
Hence, go with your gut!
If @BarackObama had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2%
Unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force &amp; have stopped looking for work.Not a real recovery, phony numbers
There are now 119,000 fewer Americans employed than there were in July. The economy is still terrible.
Today's job report is dismal. Now a record 88,921,000 Americans are no longer in the work force.
Drew Peterson, a real sleaze, just convicted of killing wife. Change the law so he gets death penalty.
Dems had a very good and professional convention. The Republicans must be smart and tough--and fast!
The Republicans must get Virgil Goode out of the race in Virginia. He will take votes away from @MittRomney.
Under @BarackObama, 1 out of every 7 Americans is on food stamps.
Scary--while @BarackObama has been POTUS for 1.6% of America's history, he has amassed 33.3% of the total debt.
Remember while @BarackObama is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in Afghanistan.
After @BarackObama's speech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit Friday morning when the new jobs report is released.
The delegates at the @DNC convention keep shouting "Four More Years." Four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6T in debt?
Now we will never know if @BarackObama would have been able to fill Bank of America Stadium. Pretty convenient.
Iran is flying supply planes to Syria through Iraqi airspace. Thank you, United States, for making this possible!
Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes @BarackObama?
Other networks are begging me to do a show--I can't because I'm doing the Apprentice!
Scary thought--is the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner now in Charlotte? Did he bring his phone with him?
The Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform. Not good!
Have you seen the new #TRUMP line of clothing, apparel and fragrances @Macy's? Selling like hotcakes. Great for Christmas gifts, etc.
Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136,260 per household, a 50% increase since @BarackObama took office.
North Carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. I enjoy my time there when I visit Trump National Charlotte.
I wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the Democrats in Charlotte right now.
Almost every T.V. show is asking me to go on--especially the @Late_Show. It's simple--I get the ratings!
With all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the @DNC convention yesterday, it was ironic that the debt passed $16T.
.@lancearmstrong, revise your decision to quit--go back and fight.
Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon, @lancearmstrong, for events that took place years ago in France?
.@lancearmstrong teammate is angry and jealous--he is no Lance.
Very good speech by @MichelleObama--and under great pressure--Dems should be proud!
July U.S. construction had biggest drop in 12months. Bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year.
What message does it send when @BarackObama's campaign has to spin whether America is better off than it was 4 years ago?
OPEC is better off than they were 4 years ago. Gas has more than doubled during @BarackObama's term. Outrageous!
The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs &amp; trade during @BarackObama's term.
NBC Wall St Journal Poll of African American voters: 94% @BarackObama, 0% @MittRomney.Even worse than Hillary's old numbers. Is that racism?
With our national debt passing $16T during the @DNC convention, @BarackObama has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. Scary.
Record setting gas prices in the U.S. -- we're really looking dumb. Lots of $'s being made on us.
The media can track down @PaulRyan's old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find @BarackObama's college applications or other info.
Smart move by @BarackObama having Pres. Bill Clinton deliver the @DNC convention keynote.
Is this Hope &amp; Change? A record 46.7M Americans were on food stamps this past June. We must do better.
Why does @BarackObama have such a fascination with my plane? He is more than welcomed to come for a ride.
Joe Paterno's family should sue the idiots @PennState that made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided report.
As I predicted 1 year ago, gasoline prices hit a record high today...OPEC is having a ball at our expense.
Great going Andy Roddick! Another victory for a fabulous player. Brooklyn Decker is good luck.
I win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad...leave Clint alone!
If you have a speech-one that would put Winston Churchill to shame, liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible!
@MELANIATRUMP on @QVC tonight with her fabulous Melania Timepieces &amp; Jewelry. Tune in at 1AM EST!
Republicans are always saying Obama is such a nice guy. When will they learn that he is not?
Andy Roddick...a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife.
Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama. Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC!
.@BarackObama's assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to China." --@MittRomney
I am sure the Chinese are getting anxious. They watch the polls. @MittRomney won't let them cheat us anymore.
We have all the cards. Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran.
.@GovMikeHuckabee was great the other night. People love him.
.@MittRomney's entire life and career have  built  prosperity and growth.
I loved watching Clint Eastwood last night--he was terrific!
Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend. @BarackObama could have stopped this.
It's Friday, how many advertisers dropped @HuffPost today?
A fact--golfers don't get aches &amp; pains like others who don't golf. It is amazingly remedial.
Of course @hardball_chris attacked 'birthers' in praising @CondoleezzaRice's speech. Chris has completely lost it.
Letterman @Late_Show begging me to go back on his low rated show--calls lots--must apologize for racist comment.
I am impressed with how clearly @PaulRyanVP explains the challenges we face and the solutions @MittRomney will bring as President.
Book on Bin Laden is a terrible violation of code--makes @BarackObama's story a big lie.
I wonder what @JoeBiden was thinking last night as @PaulRyanVP delivered that knockout speech. Joe should call in sick for the VP debate.
The dummies left Iraq (and Libya) without the oil!
Congratulations to @GovMikeHuckabee on last night's tremendous speech. Mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better.
Only two weeks until we start shooting @CelebApprentice. We really have something amazing for the fans this year.
Gas prices are way too high. With an economy contracting and lower demand, how do OPEC &amp; the speculators get away with this?!
It's Thursday and again I ask--how much money is China stealing from us?
I was putting together my early deals in New York &amp; I was advised by many that I was too young. Believe in yourself &amp; you can do anything.
I am astonished that the media continues to lie. @BarackObama gutted welfare reform. It is a fact!
It's Wednesday, how much money is China stealing from us today?
Great speech by my good friend @GovChristie. He did something you won't hear at @BarackObama's convention---tell the truth.
Congratulations to @AnnDRomney on delivering a knock out speech last night. America can't wait to call her our First Lady.
China must be worried that @MittRomney will win this November. They have never had such a pushover like @BarackObama.
.@BarackObama's dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this November.
I am very worried that if @BarackObama is re-elected then Medicare will be destroyed. We must take care of our seniors.
It's Tuesday--how much inflation has @BarackObama's spending caused today on the price of food and gas?
.@GovChristie is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why @MittRomney  should be elected and @BarackObama has to go.
.@MELANIATRUMP and I are looking forward to watching @AnnDRomney's speech tonight. She is an amazing woman who will be a great First Lady!
Happy to hear that @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom chapters are at the @RNC convention supporting @MittRomney. We must be united to win!
Remember when @ariannahuff ran for Governor of California. She got 3 votes.
Ask China if their rapidly expanding (with our money) Navy or Armed Forces are going "green" -- They would laugh in your face!
.@RobinRoberts everyone adores you- including me- get well fast!
The Bay Bridge in San Francisco is being built by the Chinese--tremendous cost overruns. A total mess. We should build our own bridges, etc
Don't think my statement on @ariannahuff was harsh, if you knew her and the phony Huffington Post you would understand--- more to follow.
.@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
The US Navy wants to go "green." Our Navy should use the best &amp; most powerful fuel &amp; not play games. Give me a break!
As usual, the weather people got it wrong in Tampa. They just look for headlines &amp; ratings!
Media silent when @BarackObama  called @MittRomney a murderer &amp; felon. Mitt mentions 'birth certificate' and they go nuts. Double standard!
It is very sad to see what @BarackObama has done with NASA. He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians.
Sorry to hear of the passing of Neil Armstrong over the weekend. He was an American hero.
One point I made last night and will continue to push is that the @GOP can't be pollitically correct. We must fight fire with fire.
I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and, quite honestly, wonderful. Now he's gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate. @hardball_chris
Why do the Republicans keep apologizing on the so called "birther" issue? No more apologies--take the offensive!
.@BarackObama is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election.
.@BarackObama sent over 100,000 jobs and Canadian oil to China all because he would not approve Keystone XL.
I am sure the @NCGOP will do a great job bracketing the @DNC convention. They are a tremendous statewide organization.
It's Friday. How many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? They are an environmental &amp; aesthetic disaster.
.@DineshDSouza's '2016: Obama's America' is expanding to over 1,000 theaters this weekend. Will be highest grossing documentary in 2012. !!
Florida has been very good to me. I am really esxcited to give back at the Sarasota GOP event and @RNC convention. Will be fun!
I am proud of the Tea Party. These great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years.
.@BarackObama is bankrupting this country. His budget adds another $4.4T to the debt, putting us over $20T in total debt by 2016.
Terrible tragedy at the Empire State Building today. Must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals.
.@lancearmstrong should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined.
I am very surprised that @lancearmstrong gave up. I never thought he was a quitter...
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood President is visiting us next month. @BarackObama is so excited.
The Muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the Sinai &amp; saying it doesn't violate Camp David accord.
A hurricane will be coming to Tampa. My @RNC convention surprise hits Monday night!
The independent watchdog who exonerated @BarackObama for the failed green energy loans just donated $52,500 to Obama's campaign.
@ArsenioOFFICIAL You have already made plenty because of me. How about a 50/50 cut(just joking) see you soon!
...Spread shots out over long period and watch positive result.
Massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism....
Amazing--@VanityFair survived one more day without folding. The clock is ticking...
In any business venture, remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise. Fight hard for that brand of yours.
Wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife. They are environmental disasters.
It is truly an honor that His Eminence Archbishop of New York @CardinalDolan will be delivering the benediction at the @RNC convention.
It's Thursday. I wonder how much money @BarackObama drained from Medicare today to finance ObamaCare.
Today we just passed 1.4 million twitter followers..
It's sad to see once decent newspapers like @USAToday failing so badly. I just don't know if they can be saved.
One of the best moves I made early in my career was buying the air rights from Tiffany's flagship. Trump Tower gleams over Fifth Avenue.
Here's a sneak peek at the @DNC convention theme:  "It's not our fault. Blame Bush. Oh, and government built it."
It's Wednesday. I wonder how much money @BarackObama borrowed from China today?
.@BarackObama said he doesn't take the Navy Seals campaigning against him "too seriously."
Can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in Sarasota and Tampa! Hey @BarackObama, We Did Build It!
.@EdRendell's book, "A Nation of Wusses" is an excellent read--especially page 10. Go get it!
Congratulations to @Yankees Derek Jeter on passing Eddie Murray last night to become the 11th all-time @MLB hit leader.
We are about to have a record $500B trade deficit with the Chinese this year. That money should be back here financing jobs in America.
Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico. @BarackObama can't be bothered, he is too concerned with @MittRomney's taxes.
Gas prices are soaring. $4.12 in CA. OPEC is laughing at how stupid we are.
.@BarackObama was caught telling Russian PM @MedvedevRussiaE that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. Russia thinks he's weak.
My shirts, ties and fragrance are doing "great" at @Macys--try them! Make fantastic gifts.
Many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning @BarackObama's background. I, for one, won't be.
It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The Art of The Deal.' The book has changed a lot of lives.
I am tired of @BarackObama talking about @MittRomney's father. Why don't we discuss Barack Obama Sr.!
Only three weeks until the new season of @CelebApprentice begins filming--great all-star cast.
Glad to hear @BarackObama's attack ad featuring my plane is playing in North Carolina. Free ad time for Trump National in Charlotte!
Distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments. You need the foresight and instincts to know the property's true potential.
Every economic climate, whether an uptick or downturn, presents new opportunities and challenges.
Amazing--both Transformers &amp; Dark Knight Rises featured Trump properties and each grossed over $1B. Just coincidence.
.@RogerJStoneJr was great on @TheKudlowReport last night. Roger and Larry are good friends!
It's Tuesday. I wonder how much money @HuffPost lost today--great purchase AOL
Glad to hear that @JimTalent has put some strong anti-China referendums in the @GOP convention platform.
We have to get tough with China before they destroy us.
In less than a week I'll be honored by  Sarasota GOP as Statesman of the Year &amp; then give my big surprise to @RNC convention. Will be fun!
If you have any doubt that @BarackObama must be defeated see @DineshDSouza's '2016: Obama's America.' Amazing film!
Congratulations to Billy Payne and  @AugustaNational on doing the right thing.
.@Rosie, get better fast. I'm starting to miss you!
Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home!
Scary thought--@JoeBiden is a heartbeat away from the Presidency.
Oil is rising back over $100 barrel. OPEC loves to rip us off. Why shouldn't they--they always get away with it.
Congratulations to @TheSlyStallone and Arnold @Schwarzenegger on 'Expendables 2' #1 box office opening. Still going strong!
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM--tune in!
Congratulations to @bobmcdonnell on leading Virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. He is a fantastic governor.
If @BarackObama really loved this country, he wouldn't be destroying it. He has ruined our credit and killed jobs with ObamaCare.
US government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72% under @BarackObama. He is bleeding us dry to China.
.@MittRomney &amp; @PaulRyanVP get what needs to be done to reign in China. @BarackObama gets kicked around by the Chinese.
The country of Georgia is a small wonder. Performing well economically under the leadership of @SaakashviliM. A great American ally.
...@BarackObama is hiding plenty of bad things.
.@MittRomney shouldn't give additional tax returns until @BarackObama gives his passport records, college records &amp; applications...
Wind farms are killing many thousands of birds. They make hunters look like nice people!
Palm Springs, CA has been destroyed--absolutely destroyed--by the world's ugliest wind farm at the Gateway on Interstate 10. Very very sad!
I always said @BarackObama will attack Iran, in some form, prior to the election.
.@Israel could very well be close to attacking Iran. Could be this election's big October surprise...
Jennifer Aniston is engaged--she's a great person and I wish her well.
There are only 22 days for @BarackObama to drop @JoeBiden. Obama is not a loyal guy. I think he is strongly considering it.
I still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at @WWE.
Congratulations to @WWERaw on passing 1,000 episodes. @WWE is still going strong after all these years--@VinceMcMahon is great!
There's only only one person who has defunded Medicare. His name is @BarackObama.
Certain Internet sites are like a bad epidemic that won't go away---others are terrific
I wonder what the work atmosphere is like @VanityFair. It must be hard working at a dying institution.
What's more dangerous for the country--the Iranian nuclear threat or @BarackObama as President?
The Huffington Post is such a loser--it will die just as AOL is dying, What a stupid deal AOL made to buy it!
Military reps have attacked @BarackObama over Bin Laden leaks--they believe he's just using this for his benefit. Not a big surprise...
One of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after @JoeBiden gaffes. I feel sorry for his spokespeople.
The @Lakers should have an amazing team next year with Kobe, Nash and Howard. Will be fun to watch.
@GeorgeFWill is suggesting football is going away and @MittRomney will lose. @GeorgeFWill is a moron.
$716 Billion from Medicare by @BarackObama. When will it end?
Congratulations to Linda McMahon on her victory in the Connecticut Senate primary. She is an amazing woman--smart as you get! @Linda_McMahon
I have always done well with properties fronting on oceans, lakes and rivers. If something works, stay with it.
My acquisition of the Doral in Maimi will be a major success for the Trump Organization. The re-building is on schedule.
Scary thought--what is the pervert Anthony Weiner doing with all the free time he has. Does he collect unemployment?
Richard Mourdock--a very good man running for the Senate in Indiana. Hopefully, he will win! @richardmourdock
I'm really glad that @MittRomney no longer says what a nice guy @BarackObama is.
Lightweight reporter Alex Pareene @pareene is known as a total joke in political circles. Hence, he writes for Loser Salon. @Salon
Congratulations to @AllenWest on winning last night's primary!
While @JoeBIden is a gaffe machine, yesterday's comments that @MittRomney will "put y'all back in chains" was not at all proper.
Nobody wants wind turbines, they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers.
.@BarackObama is promoting ugly, inefficient, unreliable, bird-killing, noisy, neighborhood-destroying wind turbines. Big mistake.
The Euro is going to collapse soon. Cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their Euro investments.
Every sports fan is treated to an All Star game. The loyal and growing fan base of @CelebApprentice will be getting a much bigger treat!
By the US winning the Olympic medal count, we proved that both the American spirit &amp; talent is greater than a 1.4B population. USA!
Glad to hear @GovChristie will be delivering the Keynote for the @RNC convention. He will deliver a strong message.
Today I am working on my 'big surprise' for the @RNC convention. Everyone will love it.
Now is the time to buy a house if you can DIRECTLY from a bank. They want to get rid of all their foreclosures.
Today is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM. Tune in!
Congratulations to our Olympic team for by far winning the most medals, including first place gold.
“Borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity.” -- @PaulRyanVP
Obama Care stole more then $500M from Medicare.
Trump Chicago was featured in Transformers 3.  Trump Tower was featured in Dark Knight Rises. Both are summer blockbusters. #MidasTouch
The Chicago machine is scared. @PaulRyanVP shows that @MittRomney will run on a conservative &amp; coherent platform. 85 days until victory!
Today @BarackObama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office.
Monday morning 7:30 AM I'll be on @foxandfriends. Tune in!
Over 2 million people have lost their jobs since @BarackObama became POTUS. How many of them still have healthcare?
Congratulations to our great Women's Olympic Soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. They made us all proud!
Our airports are Third World--horrible. Let's rebuild them by people who know how to do it--inexpensively.
.@lolojones given a raw deal in @nytimes story--not fair.
I will be speaking the night before the RNC in Sarasota, FL, when I receive the "Statesman of the Year" award.
As we told the @nydailynews, I was asked to speak at the RNC but said no, because I will be doing something much bigger--just watch!
The failing New York Daily News knowingly incorrectly reported that I wanted to speak at the Republican National Convention--wrong!
All recent Presidents have released their transcripts. What is @BarackObama hiding?
Received a beautiful letter from Joe Paterno's son, Jay. He really loved and respected his father.
Just letting China know in advance that the USA will win the medal count in the Olympics. Even with your cheating you can't beat us.
The brand new season of @CelebApprentice starts filming in less than 5 weeks. The 'All Star' cast will be announced very soon.
I wonder if @BarackObama ever had an Indonesian passport. Did he become an Indonesian citizen when he lived there?
Have you been to the @TrumpGrill in the Trump Tower Atrium? Best meatloaf in the City--my mother's famous recipe. 212.836.3249
To all struggling young entrepreneurs--stay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals. They are out there.
.@BarackObama-Hood: Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us.
No surprise that China was caught cheating in the Olympics. That's the Chinese M.O. - Lie, Cheat &amp; Steal in all international dealings.
I always enjoy being interivewed on @WOR710 by John Gambling. My father Fred used to listen to his father's show.
Our major airports are decaying. It's embarrassing. We need to have them renovated by competent professionals--and fast.
The NYPost reports "@VanityFair Magazine dropped 18% to only 283,938 newsstand copies sold." Very sad &amp; their bloggers are doing even worse!
.@HuffingtonPost is doing very badly. Also, very inaccurate stories. Like AOL, when will they fail?
People are finally beginning to hit China and OPEC. They never give me credit for being the first--by far--but that's okay!
Looking forward to meeting the great folks of Sarasota GOP party when I am honored as 'Statesman of the Year.' Should be a wonderful time.
Glad that @MittRomney is hitting @BarackObama on ending work requirements for welfare. Obama attacks the American work ethic.
Tune in for my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10 pm, @FoxNews
I am honored that @BarackObama has featured my plane in one of his attack ads. It was made in America!
A 'confidential source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama has added over $6T to the new national debt &amp;  ruined US credit.
Glad to hear that @FLGovScott will be speaking at the @RNC Convention. He is a true conservative and fantastic governor!
To the geniuses at 'Americans United for Change': the more you tax me the less people I employ. Get it?
I have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world. I employ thousands of people. Why am I the enemy?
I went to @MikeTyson's play. I will be doing a review in the next #trumpvlog.
Glad to hear Clint Eastwood endorsed @MittRomney. He understands that America needs a big boost to be strong again.
The Senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about @MittRomney's taxes.
The Fed should not do another 'stimulus.' We can't keep spending our children's future away on waste.
.@MittRomney will create 2 million new jobs if elected POTUS.  If reelected, @BarackObama will create over $12T in new debt. Easy choice.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama bought his house with the help of Tony Rezko.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office &amp; told me that @BarackObama applied to Occidental as a foreign student--think about it!
Our athletes in the Olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. Makes us proud to be Americans.
Congratulations to @MichaelPhelps on concluding the greatest Olympic career ever. You have made us all very proud.
Congratulations to Gabby Douglas on winning the Gold for the USA in gymnastics. She is terrific!
Over 150,000 more of our fellow Americans dropped out of the workforce in July. @BarackObama is a disaster!
New job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. Unemployment has been over 8% for 41 straight months--now up to 8.3%
So generous and pious! After spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel, @BarackObama donated to himself.
The U.S. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under @BarackObama. He has stood idle while China steals our jobs.
@taylorswift13 Thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic!
Congratulations to @tedcruz on his Texas primary victory last night. He will be an outstanding Senator.
The deficits under @BarackObama are the highest in America's history. Why is he bankrupting our country?
The American gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead.
.@MichaelPhelps--you are the greatest Olympic champion of them all. Fantastic job!
No member of Congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed!
Enjoying the Olympics.  Great coverage by @NBC as well. GO TEAM USA!
Attended last night's @Yankees game--Derek Jeter is both a great player and a great guy.
Another example of @BarackObama's diplomatic triumphs--he gave the Queen of England an iIPod filled with his speeches.
The polling numbers for 2012 are very interesting--will Americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent'?
Great job to Missy Franklin. She's got a smile that can take over the world. She's also a major talent. Great going, Missy!
Not only does ObamaCare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall.
The Chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. Only one of many grievances--we should act.
The US GDP in 2010 was 4.1%, down to 2% in 2011 &amp; now 1.5%. I guess @BarackObama's plan is not working!
.@BarackObama should be careful questioning @MittRomney on diplomacy--how many times has Obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?!
.@BarackObama bowed to the Saudi King in public--yet the Dems are questioning @MittRomney's diplomatic skills.
The difference between @MittRomney and @BarackObama's campaign promises to @Israel is that Mitt will actually keep all of his.
Smart move by the Democrats to have Pres. @billclinton play a key role in their convention.
Why has @BarackObama allowed the Muslim Brotherhood to visit the @whitehouse? What Hope &amp; Change!
The @nyjets are going to have a terrific season. @Mark_Sanchez &amp; @TimTebow will do great things on the field.
I am confident when American public gets to know @MittRomney, the race will go his way. He's honorable &amp; successful man--polls looking good.
Price of corn has jumped over 50%. This will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we've ever seen. Nasty for the economy.
The Audacity of @BarackObama--the Federal Reserve purchased 61% of all debt issued by Treasury in 2011. Killing our children's future.
The Federal government has $2.7T in assets &amp; $17.5T in total liabilities plus another $4.7T in intergovernmental debt. Have a nice day.
By folding, Penn State leadership made things worse. The deal is ridiculous &amp; punishes the wrong people. I hope the alumni sue to overturn.
Amazing how fast all of Joe Paterno's friends abandoned him. They ran for the hills.
Hope &amp; Change--since @BarackObama has taken office, the US debt has increased by an average of $64K per taxpayer.
US Gov't is on the hook for more than a third of the world's entire debt &amp; we wonder why China &amp; OPEC are laughing all the way to the bank!
Congratulations to @BarackObama--he is the first POTUS to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term!
I can't stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer's residential market.Try to buy directly from a bank.
The @Yankees acquisition of Ichiro was a smart move. I look forward to watching him play.
Fast trial and death penalty for maniac in Colorado--- immediately pass speed up legislation.
Jay Carney won't answer reporters questions of "Why Obama won't release his college transcripts"- Come on, Jay!
Under @MittRomney, Bain had an 80% success rate with annual returns of over 50%. Under @BarackObama, America has added over $6T in debt.
The NYPD has been doing a fantastic job protecting NYC. I hope Chief Ray Kelly is strongly considering running for mayor.
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday morning at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
Bay Bridge in San Fransisco, built in China, keeps getting worse. Cost overruns are out of control --- China is having a field day with us!
I am impressed with the scam @BarackObama pulled, but the truth will come out.
At least 12 dead and 50 wounded in Colorado--bring back fast trials &amp; death penalty for mass murderers &amp; terrorists.
Some really dumb blogger for failing @VanityFair, a magazine whose ads are down almost 18% this year, said I wear a hairpiece --- I DON'T!
Irresponsible! In the last 6 months @BarackObama has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council.
I hope Bill Clinton and NEWSMAX's Chris Ruddy are enjoying their mission to Africa. Two great people.
The new @BarackObama motto - "You Own Nothing, Not Even Your Own Success" ...
John Sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday -- @BarackObama indeed needs to "learn how to be an American."
What's more important for the American public to have? @MittRomney's tax returns or @BarackObama's sealed records?
Happy 94th birthday to Nelson Mandela!
As I always said, the "Birthers" were after the truth. Thanks to @RealSheriffJoe @BarackObama can't hide anymore.
Why does HI Revised Statute 338-17.8 allow an HI resident who doesn't have to be US citizen to procure an official Hawaii birth certificate?
Congratulations to @RealSheriffJoe on his successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims @BarackObama's 'birth certificate' is fake
The class warfare being played by @BarackObama is the only way he can get reelected. He can't have America focus on his horrendous record.
Dark Knight Rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend. Remember to watch for Trump Tower!
#BARACKTAX QUOTE: "If you have health insurance, you're not getting hit with a tax."
For the sake of transparency, @BarackObama should release all his college applications and transcripts--both from Occidental and Columbia.
Why would @BarackObama be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide?
When will we see @BarackObama's passport records (sealed)?
.@MittRomney needs to make @BarackObama regret that he ever asked for his tax records.
I hope @MittRomney now starts asking for any &amp; all of @BarackObama's sealed records--it's time.
.@BarackObama's college application would be very very very very interesting!
If @BarackObama had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it?
I hope @Official1MCD is recuperating well in LA.  Get better!  @OMAROSA
A drug free A-Rod is just an average baseball player.@Yankees will soon move him down in the batting order &amp; should renegotiate his contract
Wife Huma wants @RepWeiner to "pull a @billclinton by giving a tell-all interview." Unlike Clinton, Anthony is a sick puppy.
For America to be great again we must have a President who has been successful and Americans can learn from on how to succeed.
In his entire political career, @BarackObama has never had a tough @GOP opponent before @MittRomney. He is a paper tiger. #GOMITT
The Football program at Penn State should be suspended.
Penn State is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a close.They should be ashamed for hiding Sandusky's crimes all these years...
.@BarackObama should release all his records (like other Presidents)....
Think of it---20% of our country is essentially unemployed.
.@BarackObama wants to see 10 yrs of @MittRomney's tax returns--tell him "ok--but we want to see your college applications first.'
Nasty  tactics being used by @BarackObama campaign against @MittRomney. Must stop saying Obama is a nice man--he is not!
America's Olympic uniforms are manufactured in China. Burn the uniforms!#U.S.OlympicCommittee
I wonder why @BarackObama is not going to the NAACP Convention. Is it because he can't answer questions about 14.7% Black unemployment?
Seth Meyers was terrible co-hosting with Kelly. Marbles in his mouth-&amp; he must stop picking at his hands--insult to the great Regis Philbin!
Back in NY from Scotland and fighting for our country to get better. Trump International Golf Links Scotland opened to rave reviews.
Have we ever had a POTUS before @BarackObama who earned over 1/3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country?
Almost daily more discrepancies in @BarackObama's biography continue to arise. Who is this guy?
Today @MittRomney addressed the NAACP. @BarackObama takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment.
Great to see Tony La Russa manage one last game last night. Congratulations to the National League on winning the @MLB All-Star Game.
How can @BarackObama invoke Richard Nixon against @MittRomney when Obama just used Executive Privilege on Fast &amp; Furious?!
The liberal media is focusing on @MittRomney's bank records. How about reviewing @BarackObama's illegal land deal contracts with Tony Rezko?
The U-6 Unemployment Rate is over 14.9%. ObamaCare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding.
.@MittRomney should not give any other further information until @BarackObama releases the things that everyone wants to see----
President Obama wants @MittRomney to hand over even more past tax returns- he should when @BarackObama reveals his college applications.
I'm in Scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing.
Gotta hand it to @IvankaTrump, she loved Doral from the time we looked at it. The Trump-Doral will be an Icon. #sayfie #newsmax
When true golfers see what I do at Doral it will be the hottest club in the country. #sayfie #newsmax
A Great 4th of July! America a great country who's brightest days, with wise leadership, lie ahead.
Hope and Change? Job numbers down. Time for @MittRomney
Keep an eye on Anthony Weiner. Weasels are hard to get rid of.
As I anticipated, Justice Roberts made the cover of Time Magazine etc. The liberal media now loves him-- he should be ashamed.
Job numbers today--- terrible! So what else is new?
John Roberts arrived in Malta yesterday.  Maybe we will get lucky and he will stay there.
When will Pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to Osama Bin Laden for 6 years?! Some "ally."
Today @BarackObama is in Ohio on a bus tour. Tomorrow Pennsylvania. How about actually running the country?
I don't care what people say, I like Tom Cruise. He works his ass off and never ever quits. He's one of the few true movie stars.
Degenerate former Congressman Anthony Weiner is trying to make a comeback. He is a sick &amp; perverted man that New York does not want or need.
Great poll numbers for @MittRomney just out--he is leading substantially in swing states.
Happy to have just passed 1.3M Twitter followers. Love communicating with everyone daily.
David Wright of the NY Mets should have been on the 1st Team All Stars. He's having a great year.
Dangerous--The USC ObamaCare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity.
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM. Tune in!
Interesting -- studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate
Friends of mine who are driving Cadillacs--it is becoming a very hot car--are raving about what a great job @Cadillac has done.
Great news--here comes the Tea Party! @MittRomney has received 42k donations online &amp; raised over $4.2 million since the ObamaCare decision.
Justice Kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles, in light of Justice Roberts' bullshit!
Had a great time with @MittRomney last night. He is focused and ready for the battle ahead. Lots of money was raised.
Obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. We must all focus now on electing @MittRomney this November.
#FullRepeal: Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must elect @MittRomney this November.
The USC made a terrible decision today. How can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a Government tax?!
Wow, the Supreme Court passed @ObamaCare. I guess @JusticeRoberts wanted to be a part of Georgetown society more than anyone knew.
Preliminary talks have begun for next season's #CelebrityApprentice. As usual, we will have another great season.
It is terrible that @BarackObama did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. No accountability.
Unemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months. @MittRomney's election will end the @BarackObama downturn.
The Islamists have won. Just as I predicted, the Muslim Brotherhood has taken over Egypt. @BarackObama never should have abandoned Mubarek.
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @SquawkCNBC 7:30 AM
Wind Power is proving to be very costly and unsightly.
The @BarackObama campaign took in 
$39M in May but spent $44.6M. Sound familiar!
Rape is a huge problem in the U.S. military. Over 19,000 rapes last year.
I look forward to playing golf with President @BarackObama someday.
The USC should be ruling any day now on @ObamaCare. Hopefully we will get the right result.
CORRUPT--with the national security leaks and Fast &amp; Furious, there are clearly at least two cover ups in @BarackObama's White House.
Now is the time to buy housing, before values have fully recovered. In 5 years, remember I told you so.
.@MacMiller's "Donald Trump" just hit 60 million hits. Maybe I should go into a new business.
Congratulations to @arsenioofficial on his new late night show! He will do really well. (It pays to win #CelebrityApprentice)
Putin has no respect for our President --- really bad body language.
Congrats to Roger Clemens, he showed great courage. This case never should have been brought to trial. Andy Pettitte did the right thing.
On Friday @VPBiden said that China has better cities and airports than the US. Well what has @BarackObama done about it the last 3 years?!
I don't mind that @BarackObama plays a lot of golf. I just wish he used it productively to make deals with Congress!
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM. Always interesting. Tune in!
The U.S. needs to protect our intelligence assets, especially in China. If the Chinese want to spy on us, then we need to return the favor.
Today's announcement by @BarackObama on immigration was done for reelection. He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool.
Now is the time for the @GOP to be united with the mission of electing @MittRomney this November. Stop with the public divisions.
I wonder when we will be able to see @BarackObama's college and law school applications and transcripts. Why the long wait?
Great players in sports make the game fun to watch. @DerekJeter has continued to impress with another amazing season. Absolute professional.
Today is my birthday. My wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again.
The one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. This is the time to buy!
China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. The yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005.
Thanks to @BarackObama rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline, China has become Canada's biggest oil consumer. China is laughing at us!
Once again, @Cher tweets nonsense about @MittRomney. She needs to stop tweeting &amp; start worrying about some of her many problems.
The Euro, put in place to hurt the U.S., is done! -- will have less negative impact than most think.
Don't believe the media stories. OPEC and the Saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. Oil should be $30/barrel.
As one of Miamii's largest landowners, I am pulling for the @MiamiHEAT in the @NBA finals. Lebron's time is now! @KingJames
Sadly, it took a hit &amp; run auto accident to make us aware of who our Secretary of Commerce is--and such an important position!
Don Jr. will present the Keynote Address in South Africa on Dec. 1st @TheInvestShow
Trump Tuesday--@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:38 AM.
The Justice Department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent. This is a very grave situation.
Last Friday's gaffe by @BarackObama claiming that the private sector "is doing fine" is illustrative.Everything to him revolves around gov't
With almost 1.3 million followers and rising really fast, everyone is asking me to critique things(and people). Finally, I will be a critic.
.@MannyPacquiao was robbed in his title fight on Saturday night. No wonder boxing is dying. Bring back the 15 round fights.
Miss Florida was great in her denial of Miss Pennsylvania's phoney statements. She blows Miss Pennsylvania away- a different league .
Thanks to @TheRealMarilu, a great woman, for her wonderful defense of the Miss USA pageant.
Accounting firm Ernst &amp; Young and the celebrity judges are insulted by Miss Pennsylvania's made up PR.
Miss Pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of Miss USA Olivia Culpo.
Beautiful @MissUSA in @NewYorkPost tomorrow as Audrey Hepburn in front of Tiffany's.
Too bad I'll Have Another out of Belmont Stakes- interest now way down.
Typical--@BarackObama's Press Secretary deflects any criticism of Obama's constant celebrity visits by attacking me. My great honor.
This is a tragedy. The real unemployment rate is 14.8% with over 23.2 million unemployed Americans. We can do much better.
Greece's financial calamity should serve as a warning. @BarackObama's massive deficit spending is unsustainable.
It's good to see that @FLGovScott is protecting the sanctity of this November's elections, Voter fraud must be broken.
Why is @BarackObama spending millions to try and hide his records? He is the least transparent President--ever--and he ran on transparency.
The results are in. I killed Wolf Blitzer in our debate. I like Wolf but he went for an ambush!  #wolfblitzercnn
China's new AND ADVANCED currency manipulation is killing the U.S. Help!
The Miss USA Pageant #MissUSA was a big ratings hit for @nbc--NBC won the evening. Thank you, Donald.
.@BillClinton was very nice to me, as I am to him, on the Piers Morgan Show (CNN). He is loyal to his friends. @piersmorgan
.@melaniatrump on @QVC tonight at 7PM EST. Tune in!
Congratulations to @ScottKWalker of Wisconsin--a great victory. A smart and tough guy. Great going.
We have all been following the Wisconsin recall election. @ScottKWalker's victory tonight will be well-earned. A Governor who gets results.
In some ways it is sad. We all wanted @BarackObama to succeed. It's not worked out that way.
Congratulations to Miss Rhode Island on winning the Miss USA contest. She did an amazing job.
TRUMP TUESDAY @SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am  Tune in!
Watch #MissUSA 2012 live tonight on @NBC at 9PM EST!
The stock market is having a horrendous day- bad employment numbers.
What a foolish move by @davidaxelrod to speak in Boston yesterday! Completely outmaneuvered by the @MittRomney campaign.
Pres. Bill Clinton, 5.31.12: "@MittRomney had a sterling business career."
Tune in Sunday June 3 to NBC at 9pm ET for the 2012 Miss USA competition, coming from Planet Hollywood Resort &amp; Casino in Las Vegas
Over $1T in annual deficit spending and adding over $6T to the debt for what? May jobless numbers are horrendous. The great Obama recovery.
Bay Bridge in California made in China for $1.8 billion. $300 million in cost overruns. Are we stupid?
See you tonight in North Carolina. Making keynote for the Republican party- will be fun.
Unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down.
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM...be sure to tune in.
Does anyone believe that @BarackObama did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet?
When will @davidaxelrod realize he is on a fool's errand trying to defend @BarackObama's ineptitude?
Looking forward to meeting everyone at the North Carolina GOP this Friday where I will be the keynote speaker at the dinner. #GOP
It was an honor to be with @MittRomney the night he clinched the nomination. He will defeat @BarackObama and be a tremendous POTUS.
How ironic that @BarackObama's campaign would call me a charlatan. Have they looked at their boss's record?
The @MittRomney fundraiser last night was a tremendous success.
Rush is right. @limbaugh and I have both created more jobs than @BarackObama...in fact, far more jobs!
I want to see @BarackObama's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
Reverend Wright was dumped like a dog by @BarackObama--he can't be feeling too good.
Perhaps @BarackObama's biggest shortcoming as President is he failed to unite the country.
Pres @BarackObama expects @MittRomney to play nice like @SenJohnMcCain--it's not going to happen &amp; the result is going to be much different.
The greatest commodity to own is land. It is finite. God is not making any more of it.
I am very excited about hosting @MittRomney today for a fundraiser. Looking forward to seeing @newtgingrich and many other friends.
Losers such as George Will and @Rosie use me to get publicity for themselves. They are strictly third rate.
George Will may be the dumbest(and most overrated) political commentator of all time. If the Republicans listen to him, they will lose.
Egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. They will soon be very strongly against Israel. Thanks, President Obama. @BarackObama
Josh Brolin, a friend of mine, was terrific in "Men in Black." Congrats!
Cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars. Great management team--congratulations! @Cadillac
Lolo Jones, our beautiful Olympic athlete, wants to remain a virgin until she gets married--she is great. @Followlolo
What a series the @nyrangers @NHLDevils is turning out to be! Tonight's game should be another close one.
Welcome to Twitter, @melaniatrump!
The storied success of Bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason @MittRomney will be a great POTUS.
I'll be on Piers Morgan Tonight this evening, 9 pm on CNN. Be sure to tune in. @PiersTonight
China is now given preference to buy US debt by going directly to Treasury. I don't believe @BarackObama knows that he selling us out.
Glad to see that Sacha Baron Cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office. He is talentless. @Sacha_B_Cohen
Who would you like to see on next season of #CelebrityApprentice? Let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
I loved Walter Cronkite, one of the all time greats. He couldn't stand Dan Rather--I agree with Walter. @DanRatherReport
Rapper @MacMiller's song, "Donald Trump", now has 57 million hits--- I created another star--- where's my cut?
Rev. Wright called @BarackObama, on tape, a liar. Why isn't this being looked into? It would be a great commercial for the republicans.
Mr. Pesident, @BarackObama, you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy!
America has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt under @BarackObama and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--SCARY!
Congratulations to @DavidWright of the #Mets. What a great season he is having--batting over 400 and clutch hitting. Also, a fantastic guy.
The @Yankees must re-negotiate @AROD's contract. He is not the same player without drugs.
Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I'm going to switch.
Seems hard to believe that @Facebook could be worth that much--be careful if you invest. And Mark Zuckerberg--get a pre-nup.
Donna Summer performed for me many times--she was great and will be missed. @TheDonnaSummer
Under Mayor @MikeBloomberg and Police Commissioner @Ray Kelly all violent crime in NYC is down dramatically. That's leadership.
WaPo attack on alleged high school incidents by @MittRomney is a hit job to me. Where are @BarackObama's high school and college records?
Glad to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is worth keeping.
We should not bail out any of the European countries or banks.
Congratulations to my friend @limbaugh on being named to the "Hall of Famous Missourians." Rush is a great guy &amp; a great character.
I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend- perhaps soon to be wife. Otherwise, she can walk away with 9 billion.
More than $500 million designated for Iraqi Army disappeared. Where is it? Our sad sad country--what have we come to?
Mitt Romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at Liberty University with a wonderful introduction by Mark DeMoss. Well done. @MittRomney
Great quote from the late Steve Jobs: "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."
The TIME Magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad what TIME did to get noticed. @TIME
Howard Stern will do a great job on @America'sGotTalent. He's very smart and really gets what talent is. @HowardStern
@AndyPettitte ratted out his best friend @RogerClemens in a ridiculous trial. Not nice! Who is rooting for Andy P?
Ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the country--and have inefficient unreliable energy to boot.
Terrible. Wind farms are provided permits by the US government, which causes the "programmatic" killing of bald eagles.
If the press can report stories from @MittRomney's dorm years then why can't it find @BarackObama's college and law school transcripts?
Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia--what are we doing?!
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 a.m.  Always a great time.
Who's the flip flopper? @MittRomney has never flip flopped on gay marriage.
Congratulations to @IsraeliPM @netanyahu on forming his new unity government. A major political success for the Jewish State of Israel.
.@Cher attacked @MittRomney. She is an average talent who is out of touch with reality. Like @Rosie O'Donnell, a total loser!
The polling numbers show a close race. @MittRomney needs all of our support.
Georgetown should not host @KathleenSebelius for the graduation ceremony. Her policies abuse Catholics.
Gas prices are still too high. We really need to pressure OPEC to lower the price of oil.
VOTE 4 @mariamenounos &amp; derekhough#01 tonight! She's doing a great job on Dancing with the Stars #DWTS (&amp; a good person). 1-800-868-3401
What's the primary ingredient for success? Passion. You have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far.
We must keep the pressure on @BarackObama's administration to make sure Chen comes to the US. It would be a tragedy to abandon him in China.
Our economy is at a standstill. Some are even predicting a possible double dip. We need to elect @MittRomney in November.
The election result in France is very disappointing. The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover.
The 9/11 trials at Gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. Can you imagine how much worse it would be if @BarackObama tried them in NYC?
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @squawkboxCNBC, 7:30 AM, don't miss it!
Looks like my work here is done, bringing a close to the first ever #NBC #SweepsTweet. Keep watching @ApprenticeNBC, every Sunday 9/8c.
Firing @lisalampanelli may have come as a surprise. She’s a strong player. But there are no losers at this late point. #sweepstweet
#CelebrityApprentice Listening to the advice from @johnrich and @marleematlin adds another insight into the Final 4. #sweepstweet
#SweepsTweet @clayaiken might get some use out of the Chi Touch digital hairdryer. Not the same for @arsenioofficial.
Remember the huge amount of money raised by @JohnRich and company… #sweepstweet
#CelebrityApprentice It’s good to have Jack back too with @marleematlin. He’s become a star. #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet @johnrich and @marleematlin were on #CelebrityApprentice—and they’re back!
#sweepstweet Teresa seems to underestimate the power of observance—that of the client as well as her team- but she’s a wonderful person
#CelebrityApprentice Boardrooms—can anything be more intense? #sweepstweet
#sweepstweet @teresa_giudice definitely fell under @lisalampanelli's negotiation skills—an important business tool.
#sweepstweet @lisalampanelli wins $100,000 for her charity and that’s a nice gift.
#sweepstweet @DonaldJTrumpJr and @EricTrump have the eyes and ears for total surveillance- I wonder where they got that from?
#CelebrityApprentice @arsenioofficial “trying to be invisible”?  No way that’s going to happen. #sweepstweet
Product placement is a definite prerequisite. #sweepstweet
How will the client react? They’ve got both Elle Magazine and Chi to please. #sweepstweet
Aubrey has a lot of self confidence—but will it be warranted? #sweepstweet
I’m not sure about @teresa_giudice as Project Manager. @lisalampanelli can be formidable. But let’s see what happens #sweepstweet
Good move by Aubrey to be the red-headed model they didn’t have. #sweepstweet
It’s clear to me that @teresa_giudice needs some lessons in negotiation #sweepstweet
Could be a fight over red-heads with @lisalampanelli—this could be good. #sweepstweet
I will be live tweeting during tonight's #CelebrityApprentice 9 PM ET @NBC
This Sunday's @CelebApprentice will shock you! Big Development...Be sure to tune in on @NBC this Sunday at 9PM EST!
In the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. Now it's global warming. Give me a break!
With today's struggling job numbers, it is clear that there is one choice this November. @MittRomney can turn the economy around.
Mariano Rivera, Yankee pitcher, is the greatest ever. Get well fast.
Derek Jeter is playing phenomenal baseball. He is a total winner--and also a great guy. @DerekJeter
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM...
Fracking will lead to American energy independence. With price of natural gas continuing to drop, we can be at a tremendous advantage.
Congratulations to the @thenyrangers on taking a 2-1 lead over the @washcaps. Great game last night!
We will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget. The Democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years. What a joke.
America's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. Spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future.
@rupertmurdoch is a superb businessman and a world class CEO.He has built a tremendous empire and is certainly "fit" to run his corporation.
Barack Obama's delivery on Saturday night was excellent--cute mention of Trump--and I am flattered to be mentioned. @BarackObama
Good Morning America is thrilled @Rosie is working for the @todayshow--that means almost guaranteed success for @GMA
He @johnedwards is bad, but @andrewyoung is worse--not only is he a "rat" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself.
Rosie O'Donnell should leave Lindsay Lohan alone--@Rosie has bigger problems than Lindsay. Lindsay's mother called my office for help
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on @squawkCNBC 7:30 AM EST. Always interesting.
I have never been a fan of John Edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more important things. @johnedwards
Congratulations to the @NYRangers on bringing the series home last night.
I am enjoying my travels across Europe but home is where the heart is. Looking forward to coming back to the family in New York very soon.
Just left Istanbul, Turkey, yesterday where  #TrumpTowers was just opened--magnificent!
@MittRomney can get people back to work.
Tonight’s #CelebrityApprentice will continue to impress. Be sure to tune in tonight at 9PM ET @NBC. It will be amazing.
I am in Istanbul,Turkey. Just opened magnificent #TrumpTowers--- a big hit.
Dick Clark was a friend of mine, he lived in one of my buildings on East 61st Street. Everybody loved him. He will be missed.
Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech, unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards @BarackObama.
@MittRomney has shown last week that he will campaign aggressively against @BarackObama. I am confident he can defeat @BarackObama.
Vanity Fair party at Tribeca Film Festival was a bust.
I knew disgusting and unwanted porn star @REPWEINER was a sleazebag the first time I met him. Thank goodness he was revealed (so to speak).
#CelebrityApprentice ranked #1 among ABC ,CBS, and NBC in all key demos from 10-11PM. It won the 10PM hour by a 53% margin in 18-49 rating.
Vanity Fair circulation down 20 percent. My third rate stalker should start looking for a new job.
Gloria Allred is always talking about me. She needs publicity. She is by far a better PR agent than lawyer.
Yesterday was @BarackObama's favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute.
He @MittRomney would do a great job on Saturday Night Live. @nbcsnl
Paul Teutul Sr. is a fantastic guy. Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice, we will remain great friends. I love the bike he made for me.
Mike Bloomberg is doing a great job as Mayor of New York City. Ray Kelly is a great Police Commissioner. @MikeBloomberg
I'll be on@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am #TrumpTuesday
Hear me on @kiss925toronto now!#rozandmocha
I will be at @Macys Herald Square April 18 to sign my new fragrance, #Success by Trump. First 100 customers receive a copy of my new book.
It will be interesting to see how Jenna Talackova does as Miss Universe Canada. We all wish her luck.
The FDA must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies. It is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue.
Axl Rose should take his #rockhall2012 honors and be happy. Stop the no induction nonsense. Do it for your fans @axlrose.
One of the simplest joys of life is golf. A great game to both play and watch.
Many many people are thanking me for what I said about @autism & vaccinations. Something must be done immediately.
I'll be on @foxandfriends at 7:30 AM Monday
Attention to detail is critical; choose scents that exude sophistication & confidence. Find out more 4/18, 5:30 pm @Macys Herald Square.
He @FLGovScott handled the Zimmerman matter very well. I am glad to see there will be a trial. Justice. Now let's wait for a fair trial.
It's Thursday, how much $ has @BarackObama wasted today?
I'll be on THe Willis Report  @GerriWillisFBN today at 5 pm EST
He @MittRomney is a successful entrepreneur. @BarackObama successfuly ruined America's credit. Easy choice in November.
There can never be a sharp economic recovery until @BarackObama is out of the White House.
The Fed should not do QE3. Neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity.
Good news--@RickSantorum did the right thing. I congratulate him on running a very good race. Now it's onto @BarackObama -- go get him Mitt!
He @newtgingrich is sounding more and more like a real team player...he is a really good guy!
Congrats to @bubbawatson on winning the Masters. He did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf.
THe WH should not have hosted the Muslim Brotherhood. @BarackObama's friends are enemies of the US and @Israel. The Islamist winter is here.
Looked at plans for Trump Doral Country Club today. It will be amazing! Glad to be in Miami.
Proud to see my friend Governor Chris Christie standing up for Israel on his visit. Standing tall!
Arrived in Palm Beach, drove by a gas staion, $4.50 a gallon. Result of failed @BarackObama leadership.
Don't miss me on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM
While @BarackObama criticizes the GOP budget, his own party graded him with an "F" by voting down his budget in the House 414-0.
Oprah will end up doing just fine with her network--she knows how to win. @Oprah
This is a great time for @RickSantorum to bow out with dignity.
My twitter account is now reaching more people than the New York Times--not bad. And we're only going to get better!
What will be @RickSantorum's excuse tomorrow after @MittRomney wins Wisconsin and Maryland? Time for Rick to face reality and drop out.
I'll be on @foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM.
@marcorubio's endorsement of @MittRomney shows that the GOP is coalescing to defeat @BarackObama.
I wonder if @BarackObama has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election?
I'll be interviewed by Greta Van Susteren @Gretawire tonight at 10 pm ET on Fox.
@jayleno - my description of @MittRomney - "Future President" or "POTUS 45" or "@BarackObama's Worst Nightmare"
ObamaCare is clearly unconstitutional. Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing ObamaCare requires a political solution.
Whether @RepPaulRyan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue, the issue is strategic timing. Why release it now?
Trump Tuesday: I'll be on @SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning at 7:30 AM. Be sure to tune in.
I'll be on @Foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM.
Happy Birthday to my legendary friend Aretha Franklin.
Played the Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach last weekend. One of the best golf courses in the country. Perfect weather.
He @RickSantorum wants to decide what books people can read, what movies they can see. #freespeech  It doesn't work that way!
Trump Tuesday on @SquawkCNBC, 7:30 AM, is getting very good ratings as is @Foxandfriends on Mondays, 7:30 AM.
@MittRomney should consider Gov McDonnell of VA, Gov Christie of NJ and Senator Rubio of FL for VP. Really good men doing a really good job.
Just bought Doral Hotel &amp; Country Club in Miami--within two years it will be the best resort in the country.
I am deeply disturbed by what I have read in the case of @TrayvonMartin. I support a full investigation and justice.
I am so glad @Rosie got fired by @Oprah. Rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down!
Congratulations to @BarackObama for being reckless. In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable.
Why does @BarackObama always have to rely on teleprompters?
Give great credit to @GeorgeClooney for exposing the atrocities taking place in Sudan.
We should have gotten more of the oil in Syria, and we should have gotten more of the oil in Iraq. Dumb leaders.
@BarackObama has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like Solyndra. He is an economic ignoramus.
Rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth. It is a tax on all Americans.
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM.  Be sure to tune in.
I commend @DrZuhdiJasser for defending the NYPD and Commissioner Kelly. The NYPD has done outstanding work in defending NYC from attacks.
@NicolletteSheridan lost a big motion yesterday--she is entitled to nothing. The show made her--she should have been happy.
@MittRomney has won the most delegates, received the most votes and won the most states. The primary is over. Time to defeat @BarackObama.
He @RickSantorum should get out of the race so Republicans can focus on @BarackObama.
Cadillac Championship at Doral a great success--I just bought Doral--it will be amazing. Cadillac a great American car.
His @BarackObama's specialties? Vacations and campaigning. Jobs not so much!
Doral Tournament was great--best 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in @JustinRose
Afghanistan is a total disaster. We don't know what we are doing. They are, in addition to everything else, robbing us blind.
Maniac Sergeant who went on a killing spree in Afghanistan must be punished, big time, and quickly.
Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control.
When I was 18, people called me Donald Trump. When he was 18, @BarackObama was Barry Soweto. Weird.
Personally, I'm glad the NYPD is monitoring the actions of certain extremists. New York's finest! I support them.
I'll be on @foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM, don't miss it.
The only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is @MittRomney. The primary is over.
BarackObama set a record deficit last February - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent. @BarackObama is reckless.
Excited by my acquisition of Doral Hotel & Country Club in Miami--already world class, but will soon be The Best.
Ray Kelly is the best Police Commissioner in NYC history. Keeping NYC safe thru vigilance. @RayKelly
He is a professional and true gentleman: @GeorgeTakei is one of my favorite contestants from #CelebApprentice.
As an "honorary Buckeye" I want to thank the OH GOP primary voters for putting @MittRomney over the top. It was a crucial win.
Happy and proud to help @MittRomney win Ohio with robo-calls in pivotal Cuyahoga County
Someone should ask @BarackObama in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined.
Today will be a Super Tuesday for @MittRomney -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. He will be the nominee.
I fully support the @NYPD, @MayorBloomberg and @CommissionerKelly. They should all be honored for protecting us since 9/11---not demonized.
He made a great contribution to the press--@AndrewBreitbart will be missed.
@BarackObama should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive. @BarackObama
After Super Tuesday, every GOP candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination.
I loved being a surrogate on behalf of @MittRomney. I am glad I was able to help him win.
America will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration: @MittRomney's success in the private sector is a tremendous asset.
The oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo. @BarackObama should open more land for drilling, not tap the reserve.
Mitt's got it right: @RickSantorum's attacks on @MittRomney's pro-growth tax cut proposal are foolish.
It is time Republicans stop attacking each other and focus on @BarackObama. America cannot survive a second term.
It is time to get out of Afghanistan. We are building roads and schools for people that hate us. It is not in our national interests.
What America needs: @MittRomney follows in steps of Kemp and Reagan with pro-growth tax cut.
I'm on @foxandfriends every Monday morning at 7:30...
Clive Davis gave a great eulogy at my friend Whitney Houston's funeral--absolutely amazing!
Debbie Wasserman Schultz is hard to watch or listen to--no wonder our country is going to hell!
In last night's #CNNDebate @MittRomney proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore America's future.
@CelebApprentice is having wonderful ratings once again. @IvankaTrump & @DonaldJTrumpJr. I am very proud of this season.
The more I get to know @MittRomney the more I like him. He has the judgment and private sector experience America needs in the White House.
If the GOP will have any chance to beat @BarackObama in November, the great people of Michigan need to support @MittRomney's candidacy.
Watch #CelebApprentice this Sunday at 9PM ESTon @NBC--it has received many 4 star reviews.
Our ally Canada wants to send their oil down south to us. @BarackObama is forcing Canada to send it west to China.
Don't forget! Sunday night at 9 pm EST on @nbc--Celebrity Apprentice is back! Tune in for a great show. @ApprenticeNBC
Weakness is very dangerous: @BarackObama is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. America keeps the world safe!
The Fed is considering issuing even more US bond debt into the market. Not good!
Old Post Office Building in DC will be a world-class Trump property. Honored to be doing this historic building--Washington will be proud.
He @MittRomney gets the China problem, why don't the others?
Very successful fund raising for @MittRomney yesterday. Good to see my friend Woody Johnson.
@MemoInc  You have to find a business that you love. That's number one. Success requires passion. Then keep your focus and never give up.
@dansalbreiter   Maybe they don't want to.
@stecbeck Thanks, I'll keep at it.
@jtatsuno No, not trademarked.
The recession was made worse by @BarackObama. A $900Billion deficit is not getting better.
When the economy is bad, @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. When the economy is good, @BarackObama wants to raise taxes. Notice a trend?
Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West
@joeyhatcher You'll have to watch to find out.
@fox_trot_1  I was in my twenties.
@kingdelrosario I like to invest in what I know, which tends to be real estate, but I keep an open mind.
@atlthrasher  I don't think it has run its course. There are opportunities. Finding them and maximizing them are key components for success.
@HangersMensLine  My agenda is such that I can't meet with you, but it's always nice to be asked and I wish you the best.
@The_Joey  That could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment. This season of Celebrity Apprentice is great--be sure to watch.
Flattering. Over 500 upset people called Mar-a-Lago disappointed I am not running for President--but Mitt Romney will do a great job.
@BarackObama's budget funds the "Arab Spring" with $800B and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt $1.3B in military aid. He loves radical Islam.
So wrong! @BarackObama is hosting China's VP Xi Jinping today at the Pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons...
A day after @BarackObama released a trillion dollar budget deficit, he is hosting China's future leader VP XiJinping. America's new reality.
A day after Greece burned @BarackObama released a $3.8 Trillion budget for 2013 with a $900 Billion deficit.He will turn America into Greece
Watch Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC at 12:35 EST tonight---I'll be bringing a couple of surprises with me.
Honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. We are making America #1 again. #TimeToGetTough
Whitney Houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. We will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
This week we saw what Obama Care actually does when implemented.  It is a losing issue for @BarackObama and must be repealed.
@BarackObama’s class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the DNC convention.  He is charging $1 Million for a single suite.
The $25 Billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees. Stupid!
“As someone once put it, ‘Marriage is the greatest ‘anti-poverty’ program God ever created.’” #TimeToGetTough
@MittRomney will give a great speech at CPAC today. He understands the threat from China.
Keystone must be approved. Oil is at a record high. We need to use our resources and support allies like Canada.
@WyattBrian  Timing is important, so considerations such as your financial situation and how solid your plans are should be reviewed.
The Church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda: @BarackObama lied to his Catholic supporters to pass ObamaCare.
The Fed is destroying the dollar. When inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas.
Q/A @stalkinpeople  Yes, I'd give the real numbers.
Q/A @saychowder  I receive a great many requests for interviews, nationally and internationally.
@Misterglorious  I wear suits from the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection.
Jon Huntsman called to see me. I said no, he gave away our country to China! @JonHuntsman
ObamaCare is an attack on our country's identity. The latest victim is the Catholic church. It must be full repealed. @BarackObama
@npbraden  I already have two great pilots.
@fatmaninaspeedo  I have not met @MacMiller but his song, Donald Trump, has had over 40 milion hits. Maybe he should pay me somethiing.
@stass13  Sorry, she's taken.
@GrimeyGatsby  I only require four hours of sleep per night.
Glad to see no charges against Greg Kelly. His accusers' charges never made sense!
I see my friend @FlaGovScott is speaking at CPAC. Solid guy, wonderful job. #sayfie @marcaputo
@Miss_Drax  My first job was working for and with my father, Fred C. Trump.
@IanBQueen  In answer to your question, my favorite thing to do is spending time with my family.
@nathanfuchs @lawrence He's not a smart man. He is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth-- all reasons why his ratings stink!
Eli Manning. Great Athlete. Great Guy. @NYGiants great teamwork!
Why is @MittRomney the only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation?
Many people have been asking me to answer questions. You can ask me questions at any time. #TrumpQandA
I see @FLGovScott poll numbers are improving. Good man doing a good job.
Many, many people are disappointed I didn't run third party--but I won't risk @BarackObama benefiting from a split in the anti-Obama vote.
I endorsed @MittRomney not because I agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with China.
The Prayer Breakfast was used by @BarackObama to say that the Bible commands higher income taxes. That's not the way it is!
Sleepy eyed @chucktodd thinks Las Vegas is a state--see @todayshow this morning.
Congratulations to @MittRomney for an impressive win in Florida. He performed well under pressure.
The banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. This is why we bailed the banks out!
All eyes are on Florida today. I will be watching the GOP primary results very closely. We need the right candidate to beat @BarackObama.
Keystone must be approved through Congress. @BarackObama is costing America over 20,000 jobs and driving the price of gas high.
The GOP primary is getting very nasty. The candidates need to remember that @BarackObama is the main target. He must not be reelected.
Glad to hear Bella Santorum is recovering. @RickSantorum has a beautiful family.
Watch the clip from my #C21 Super Bowl spot on @AccessHollywood tonight.
Watch me on @Hannityshow tonight at 9PM ET on @FoxNews.
“We need more grown-ups in Washington, people who will shoot straight and level with the American people.” #TimeToGetTough
Last night in his SOTU, @BarackObama claimed that he is a friend of Israel. Does anyone really believe that.
After Solyndra, @BarackObama is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies. He must be accountable.
Notice how @BarackObama failed to mention ObamaCare last night in his SOTU. Even he knows it is terrible.
Tom Brokaw keeps calling Mitt Romney "George" (Mitt's father). Sadly, time is up for Tom.
All I heard in the SOTU was proposals for more govt, more spending and more bureaucrats. Very bad!
It is a shame Keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then @BarackObama would have wasted billions on it.
A gallon of gas has more than doubled while @BarackObama has been POTUS and he still won't approve Keystone.
It has been 1,000 days since @BarackObama has passed a budget. He continues to spend this country into the ground without any control.
Tonight in his SOTU, @BarackObama won't talk about Keystone. He will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare.
Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz and @BarackObama won't approve the Keystone pipeline. His energy policy makes America weak.
A tough week was had by@MittRomney, but he's come back from adversity before.
Congratulations to @newtgingrich on a stunning win in South Carolina. All eyes are on Florida now.
Canada will now sell its oil to China because @BarackObama rejected Keystone. At least China knows a good deal when they see it.
The White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran. Iran's nuclear program is the threat, not Israel's right to self-defense.
The law requires individuals pay 15% on carried interest. Why would a potential President pay more than he or she is supposed to?
The national debt continues to rise at record levels and today @BarackObama is in Disney World. He lives in a fantasy.
When will @BarackObama release his transcripts? What is he hiding?
Playing politics with the Keystone decision? @BarackObama vetos 20,000 jobs and cheaper oil.
Texas is lucky to have him--- @GovernorPerry is a great guy!
Rick Perry--a good man, a great family and a patriot.
Listen to my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10PM ET on @FoxNews.
“To state the obvious, if any business operated the way the government does, it would go under.” #TimeToGetTough
“@BarackObama may have been a good ‘community organizer,’ but the man is a lousy international dealmaker.” #TimeToGetTough
While @BarackObama is slashing the military, he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the Taliban--who facilitated 9/11.
Our Marines are sent to kill the Taliban not coddle them. USMC should be praised not investigated. Semper Fi !
Newt attacks on @MittRomney record at Bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. Mistake!
An Iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in Tehran yesterday--lots of problems to come--@BarackObama --we need real leadership.
With unempoyment over 10% in 2009, @BarackObama held an extravagant Alice in Wonderland party. He is a man of the people!
If you stop by Trump Tower (Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets) you can buy a pre-signed copy of #TimeToGetTough.
OPEC has just raised oil to over $102/Barrel. And @BarackObama still won't approve the Keystone Pipeline. Does he want high gas prices?
Why are we building a $1Billion embassy in Iraq when the country kicked us out, didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by Iran?
3 Chief of Staffs in less than 3 years of being President: Part of the reason why @BarackObama can't manage to pass his agenda.
New Hampshire has a major decision to make today. Hopefully we won't have to hear any more Mandarin spoken in future debates.
This is why @TimTebow is a winner. He lays everything out on the field. He never quits and never gives up. That's why he is a success.
Be sure to watch my interview on @Gretawire tonight!
President @BarackObama's vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollars----Unbelievable!
Michele Bachmann just dropped out of prez race--- when she didn't do the Newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her.
We left Iraq and it is quickly falling apart--what a waste of lives and money--and so obvious.
He should be ignored: @RonPaul's foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. He has zero chance to beat @BarackObama.
Michele Bachmann got less than 1,200 more votes in the Caucus than she did in the Ames Straw Poll. Very sad for her--a nice woman!
Congratulations to @RickSantorum for coming out of Iowa a winner!
He knows he won't have to spend much: @JonHuntsman has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar.
Michele Bachmann will finish dead last tonight in Iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss. Sadly, it is over for Michele.
I will be on the @todayshow tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. Stay tuned!
The Washington Establishment will never rein in government spending, waste, fraud and abuse. A great thinker and outsider is needed.
When will the US government finally classify China as a currency manipulator? China is robbing us blind and @BarackObama defends them.
I play golf to relax. My company is in great shape. @BarackObama plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain.
NYC should hold a parade for returning Iraq and Afghanistan veterans.
I like Russell Brand, but Katy Perry made a big mistake when she married him. Let's see if I'm right---I hope not.
America wasted billions and precious lives in Iraq and Iran will soon take control--very very sad.
I predicted the 9/11 attack on America in my book "The America We Deserve" and the collapse of Iraq in @TimeToGetTough.
Americans Elect on track to put an Indy Presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states.
The Fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. The Fed has to be reined in or we will soon be Greece.
@TrumpCollection tops @TravlandLeisure 500 Best Hotels in the World! Congrats @TrumpNewYork, @TrumpLasVegas, @TrumpChicago, @TrumpSoHo
The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and lower gas prices. But Obama says No. Dumb.
Govt. collapsing in Iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. Sadly, I called this one and please remember, I alone called it.
The habitual vacationer, @BarackObama, is now in Hawaii. This vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion +++  while there is 20% unemployment.
In order to preserve my options and guarantee that @BarackObama is defeated, I changed my voter registration to independent.
The Keystone pipeline will create 20,000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the Middle East. @BarackObama says No!
The safest way to preserve Medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy. We should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately.
“Consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car, you pay 45.8 cents in state, local, and federal taxes.” #TimeToGetTough
“The thing about high corporate tax rates is that, in the end, companies aren’t the ones who foot the bill, consumers do.” #TimeToGetTough
My new book #TimeToGetTough is the best present of the holiday season. A great gift for anyone who cares about this country.
Barney Frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shirt before Congress. Very very disrespectful.
He is delusional: @BarackObama believes that he is the 4th best POTUS ever.
I really enjoyed last night's Tele-Town Hall with @ralphreed's Faith and Freedom Coalition. Thanks to the thousands who joined.
I still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from Iraq.
Joe Biden said that the Taliban 'is not our enemy.' I wonder how our troops in Afghanistant that are under attack view Biden's statement.
What a shock! The U.S. Capitol Christmas tree pays homage @BarackObama but failed to mention Jesus.
He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't. @BarackObama doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us.
China taxing imports from the US --22%-- why aren't we taxing China?
Dummies left Iraq without the oil--not believable!
Iraq in political turmoil one day after we leave---I told you so.
Barney Frank admited that ObamaCare does have 'death panels' yesterday. Obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed.
With a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt, @BarackObama is spending $4 million of our money on his Hawaii vacation. Just plain wrong.
OPEC is setting crude at $94/barrel on 'signs US economy is improving.' OPEC uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch.
China just put a tariff on US cars and trucks--22%--China is laughing at our inept leaders. @BarackObama
The lightweight, @JonHuntsman, used my name in a debate for gravitas--it didn't work. Sad!
But maybe my biggest beef with Obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about America. #TimeToGetTough
Thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. It is great to meet fellow patriots.
So biased: @TIME made 'The Protester' as the person of the year. @TIME celebrates OWS but vilified the Tea Party last year.
If speeches and memoirs created jobs then @BarackObama would be Ronald Reagan.
With the number of tweets sad sack @Rosie has done, she has totally lost control of herself-- hopefully not a breakdown.
#noratings @Lawrence will soon be off tv- bad ratings- he has a face made for radio.
It is great to meet fellow patriots at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. Can't wait to meet more today at Trump Tower from 12PM to 2PM
The first book signing at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough was so popular that I'm doing another one today from noon to 2pm/Trump Tower
Hope to see you tomorrow in Trump Tower (5th Ave betw 56 and 57) -- I'll be signing copies of my book #TimeToGetTough from noon until 2 pm
The habitual vacationer, @BarackObama, has sacrificed so much. He is delaying his 17 day Hawaii vacation a couple of hours.
Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise. Imagine what they will do with nukes?!
The Mullahs laughed when @BarackObama "asked" Iran to return our drone--they will show it to China first.
It has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my #TimeToGetTough book signings. Anyone who wants to be Prez should read!
Save your time @rosie and focus on your horrible ratings, and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same.
#badratings @Rosie you will never make it. You are not funny or talented.
#badratings @Lawrence's show failed at 8pm and is failing(even worse) at 10pm- not long for tv.....
I feel sorry for Rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with @Rosie--a true loser.
Thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the Americans Elect Presidential nomination.
He says he will spend $1 B to get re-elected: @BarackObama. I can match him--preserving my options.
I'll be signing copies of my new book @TimeToGetTough tomorrow at Trump Tower (5th Avenue between 56 and 57) from noon to 2pm.
Real unemployment is 20%. We must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas.
Who handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday? @BarackObama. We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil.
Don't forget my book signing tonight at Costco on 1250 Old Country Road in Westbury, NY, from 6-8 pm. Hope to see you there.
The Mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president,@BarackObama has "asked" for Iran to return the drone #TimeToGetTough
Look, here's  the deal: @BarackObama has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs #TimeToGetTough
We need a dealmaker in the White House, who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals. #TimeToGetTough.
Tonight I will be signing copies of #TimeToGetTough in Westbury at Costco, 1250 Old Country Rd, from 6 pm to 8 pm
@Amazon sold out of #TimeToGetTough in the first week. More copies have been ordered for holidays. Don't worry.
@BarackObama has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 Presidents combined. He is simply out of control.
Why did @BarackObama let Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out.
I was on a tele-townhall with @TeamBachmann and hosted her 4 times in Trump Tower yet she declined the Newsmax-@iontv debate. No loyalty.
If these guys have any integrity they'd say no to MSNBC -- a network that few watch and is very negative. @AndrewBreitbart re debate.
Excited that @OurCountryPAC's Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
Why was the Hanukah celebration held in the White House two weeks early? @BarackObama wants to vacation in Hawaii in late December. Sad.
Iowa Congressman @SteveKingIA has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. He has been doing great work in the House.
A  great crowd at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough book signing!
Excited that @OurCountryPAC's @Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-@iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
If the GOP Establishment really wants to defeat @BarackObama then they should read #TimeToGetTough.
#TimeToGetTough presents bold solutions on taxes, national security, the debt, dealing with OPEC and China and defeating @BarackObama.
Looks like the line has started, be sure to join me for book signing,  @TImeToGetTough, starting at 11am to 2 pm here in Trump Tower.
Trump Tower is located at 725 Fifth Avenue, between 56th and 57th Streets...
Be sure to stop by Trump Tower today -- I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough"  from 11 am to 2 pm.
I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough" today at Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there. #TimeToGetTough
I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough" tomorrow in Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there.
Newsmax is a great news organization and its pres debate in IA on Dec 27 will be fair, balanced and informative. @ralphreed
Why does @BarackObama continue to defend radical Islam? He is calling the Ft. Hood massacre "workplace violence."
You know what is the worst part of @BarackObama's Tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars.
Happy to have @ralphreed and the FFC's endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. FFC  is a great organization.
Excited to have @SarahPalinUSA's endorsement of the Newsmax-@iontv debate. Sarah is terrific.
Why is the GOP establishment so threatened by the Newsmax - @iontv debate? More debate is always better.
President Reagan put it best: "Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence."
Forty -six million Americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line. #TimeToGetTough
First there was the Declaration of Independence, then there was the Constitution. Now there is #TimeToGetTough. Available today.
Met @newtgingrich at Trump Tower today. He's a big thinker.
#TimeToGetTough: Making America #1 Again--my new book--available today.   The book both China and OPEC do NOT want you to read.
We are building China's wealth by buying all their products, even though we make better products in America.
My new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. Time for America to be #1 again.  #TimeToGetTough
Here's my message to @BarackObama: America is a capitalistic country. Get over it and get on with it!  #TimeToGetTough
The new job figures don't include 315,000 people who have given up looking for jobs.
He ruins the brand: @Robertgbeckel doesn't belong on @FoxNews . As CM for Mondale in '84, you lost 49 states. Sad!
If "The Art of the Deal" is a must read then #TimeToGetTough" is my opus.  It is available Dec 5th!
Meeting Former Speaker Newt Gingrich next week. On the Agenda---defeating @BarackObama.
The Fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars. This will eventually create record inflation. It has to stop. #TimeToGetTough
He ruins the brand: @bobbeckel doesn't belong on @FoxNews. As CM for Mondale in '84, you  lost 49 states. Sad!
The unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth.  We must start making our own products again. #TimeToGetTough.
America's trade deficit with China is one of our greatest national security threats.  Time for Fair Trade. We must produce our own products.
The banks were bailed out by us. They should start lending to private entrepreneurs. The banks are slowing American growth.
In order to get elected, @BarackObama will start a war with Iran.
Iran's continued public threats of annihilating @Israel are unacceptable. Iran's nuclear drive must be stopped. #TimeToGetTough
Real unemployment is at over 21%. Businesses won't hire until @BarackObama is defeated in 2012. #TimeToGetTough
Third quarter GDP was lowered to 2% . There won't be any economic recovery until @BarackObama is defeated.
Why does @BarackObama support the radical Islamists in Egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the Tea Party?
Washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. We are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from China. Truly unsustainable.
Iran will soon take all of the oil in Iraq...and Iraq itself---Keep the oil.
The failure of the "Super Committee" shows Washington has truly incompetent leaders. #TimeToGetTough
American sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--and @BarackObama cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions.
Congratulations to @TrumpChicago, @TrumpSoHo and @TrumpLasVegas --all listed #1 on @TravelandLeisure World's Best Business Hotels
I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. "Time is money"---The Art of the Deal.
Why are we giving China foreign aid? Couldn't the Super Committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? #TimeToGetTough
The habitual vacationer--@BarackObama--spent 9 days before the critical Super Committee deadline traveling.  He failed to lead, again.
As of September 30th, we have a record trade deficit with China of over $217Billion. They are ripping us off.  #TimeToGetTough
Yesterday @BarackObama actually spent a full day in Washington. He didn't campaign, fund raise or play golf. Shocking.
Egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical Islam. The current protest is another coup attempt.  We should never have abandoned Mubarak.
The House's failure to pass the Balance Budget Amendment was another unforced error by the GOP. Very disappointing.
When the Super Committee fails, @BarackObama will get exactly what he really wants--automatic cuts in defense spending. This is his plan.
If @BarackObama wanted the "Super Committee" to succeed, he would have lead. Instead he has been campaigning. Where is the leadership?
The Super Committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. The Republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal.
ObamaCare is one of the greatest threats our country faces.  It is unsustainable and will lead America into complete insolvency.
Why is @BarackObama delaying the sale of F-16 aircraft to Taiwan? Wrong message to send to China. #TimeToGetTough
Washington is simply incapable of any moderation because @BarackObama is such an extreme leftist.  He must be defeated. #TImeToGetTough.
Regardless of the USC's ruling, ObamaCare can only be defeated politically. It must be legislatively repealed or America will go bankrupt.
China is complaining about 2,500 marines being placed in Australia.  Meanwhile they are building bases across Latin America. #TimeToGetTough
@Israel faces an existential threat in Iran's nuclear drive. Unfortunately @BarackObama is no friend of Israel.
Crude has skyrocketed since @BarackObama delayed the Keystone Pipeline. Not only are 20,000 jobs gone, but family budgets are tightening.
The Federal government  has increased its employment by 12% since 2007. We need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed.
In the span of two months @BarackObama, the habitual vacationer, has called America "soft" and lazy." He loves to criticize America.
My new book,  Time To Get Tough,  comes out  on December 5th. Pre-order on Amazon.com. It's the best book I've ever written.
“When mistakes are made, and they will be, the entrepreneur’s true character emerges and further growth takes place.” – The Midas Touch.
Waterboarding KSM gave us the intelligence that lead to Bin Laden.
@BarackObama has increased the EPA budget by over 150%.  The EPA is an impediment to both growth and jobs.  It sends jobs overseas.
@BarackObama has already added $5 Trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. We must defeat him in 2012. #TimeToGetTough
@BarackObama, the habitual vacationer, called America "lazy" this past weekend while in Hawaii.
@BarackObama made a campaign decision on delaying the Keystone Pipeline to 2013.The pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs.
October has a 7% foreclosure increase last month. Is this @BarackObama’s economic recovery?
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. @BarackObama must be defeated.
To the brave men and women, past and present, in our armed services- best wishes on Veterans Day.
The Arab Spring has turned into the Islamist Winter.  Our ally @Israel is in a perilous position.  We must stand behind @Israel.
The death tax should be abolished -- the Government is  simply taxing you twice. It is also a job killer.
Solyndra's government loan and subsequent bankruptcy  prove that @BarackObama is both corrupt and inept.
The Fed should not bail out the EU.  Europe's financial mess is their problem, not our problem!
Herman Cain handled the pressure of the debate really well.  @THEHermancain
Rick Perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening.  @RickPerry
Mitt Romney did great in the debate last night.
The Fannie and Freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars. They were bailed out with $169B of our money.
He is out of real solutions--@BarackObama's job bill is nothing more than a tax increase.
The @SuperCommittee will fail. The Republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal.
Instead of trash talking @PMIsrael on the world stage, @BarackObama should be defending @Israel.
America should not be pressuring @Israel to show restraint against Iran. We should be working to stop Iran's nuclear drive.
Some @OWS protesters are sincere people frustrated with the system--others just in for the party.
Our deficits are caused by runaway spending, not inadequate taxing. Washington does not have a revenue problem.
The Federal government spent over $3.7 trillion last year. This is unsustainable and a true danger. The American dream is being destroyed.
A record high 6.7% of Americans are living in extreme poverty. This is tragic.  We can do better.
Reporter @AlHunt is one boring and low vision guy!
Iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests. We can't allow Iran to go nuclear.
Malfeasance at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac helped cause our current financial meltdown.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren @gretawire tonight on Fox News at 10 p.m.
The Oil Companies collude with OPEC to keep oil artificially overvalued. They need to be reigned in.
The greatest threat to our security is our debt. It is already past 100% GDP. We need to make real budget cuts.
The economy won't fully recover until  @ObamaCare is fully repealed. It is a job killer!
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood just made its first visit to Hamas-led Gaza. Why did @BarackObama promote the "Arab Spring"?
The  @SuperCommittee must cut spending, not raise taxes. Washington has a spending problem, not a revenue problem.
Another company that the DOE has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. This is how the money we borrow at 40% from China is wasted.
The Republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal.  Military cuts will now come along with tax increases.
It snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in New York City. It is still October. So much for Global Warming.
The Al Qaeda flag is now flying over Benghazi. @BarackObama spent over $3Billion of our money for this?
Our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these: @BarackObama is proposing over $90 Billion in new regulations.
ObamaCare contains marriage penalty taxes. Why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare?
The US Air Force won the war in Libya to clear the way for Islamic Extremist control of Libya.
Our worst threat to unemployment is @ObamaCare.  It will also destroy our country's basic standards.
When will our nation's sacrifices  be respectfully appreciated? Iraq and Libya should reimburse us in oil.
The Debt is our nation's greatest threat. @BarackObama is out of touch.
Watch me tonight at 9PM ET on @CNN, full hour. @Piersmorgan won @ApprenticeNBC before taking over Larry King's slot- should be interesting.
Why aren't we getting any oil from Iraq before we leave? We are leaving the country wide open for Iran. Big mistake.
When will Washington stand up to China. China is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs. Washington should move on legislation.
I am happy to see the majority of the GOP candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped.
I heard, because his show is unwatchable, that @Lawrence has made many false statements last night about me. Maybe I should sue him?
THe 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. We must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back @BarackObama's damage.
Stop calling my office to do your show, I have more important things to do with my time--- nobody's watching you! @lawrence
Please only respond by tweet @lawrence because like everyone else, I don't watch your show.
Does @BarackObama ever work? He is constantly campaigning and fundraising--on both the taxpayer's dime and time---not fair!
Libya is adopting a more radical form of Sharia Law now under their new leadership. Is this what @BarackObama wanted?
So much for creating American jobs--@BarackObama gave $529 Million to a "Green" car company---so they can be manufactured in Finland.
The job plan by @BarackObama is nothing more than a second stimulus. The first failed and so will this one.
We are leaving Iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure. We should be reimbursed with oil! -- Don't give it to Iran.
The Dollar is at an all-time WWII low against the Yen. The Fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation.
Why do we continue to sit idly by while China steals our national security and corporate secrets? China is an enemy, not a friend.
The Misery Index is at a 28 year high.
Why did @BarackObama liberate Libya and do nothing for the Iranian protestors? Iran is a threat to our national security.
A simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector.
Why did we spend billions of our money on Libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil? What do we get out of this?
Why is  crude oil priced at $86/Barrel?  OPEC is  ripping us off. Not worth $30/Barrel.  America needs new leaders.
The OWS protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99%. Time for them to go home!
@BarackObama claims that all his choices were "the right ones." I am sure the 20% of Americans who are unemployed disagree.
Bob Beckel, a commentator for FOX is bad for the @FoxNews brand:  @BobBeckel is close to incompetent.
We must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits.
My beautiful wife Melania will be appearing on QVC this evening from 8 to 9 pm.
Both @BarackObama and China have embraced OWS. All want the decline of America. Time for the protesters to go home.
Our country is blowing up and @BarackObama is out campaigning.
Iraq's government is treating us like fools. We should demand their oil.
If ObamaCare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth, long term unemployment and record high premiums.
Iran was planning to attack the Israeli and Saudi DC embassies. We should respond accordingly. The diplomatic  window is closed.
@BarackObama is holding Taiwan's request for 66 advanced F-16's. Wrong message to send to China.
It is time for Iran to face serious consequences. This regime is a threat to our national security.
Late last Friday @BarackObama announced his 2011 budget deficit  was $1.299 trillion -- the second largest in US history.
@Johnboehner: Stop "The China Curse" --- Pass the China Currency Bill!
Happy to have passed 800,000 followers.  Looking forward to passing 1M sooner than later.
Why is @BarackObama always campaigning or on vacation?
China's military buildup is a major threat to the Free World. We must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs.
Be sure to watch my wonderful wife Melania Trump tonight on @QVC at 1AM EST
If the Wall Street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @BarackObama at the White House.
Stop "The China Curse" -- Pass the Chinese Currency Bill!
Tweet me your questions to answer. #trumpvlog
Tune in tonight to Greta van Susteren's  show, On the Record, which airs on Fox News at 9 p.m.
Mitt Romney is right about the Chinese rip-off of America.
The debate was very interesting last night. There were numerous winners and Governor Romney did very well.
When will @BarackObama release an actual budget?
I don't want to be the only billionaire in America---I want all Americans to be rich.
If the Prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people---not liberal intellectuals.
The only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices.
The Fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation.
New study shows 80% of Congress have no business experience--it shows!
A guy named @BobBeckel on FOX, their resident liberal, was not born with much of a brain.
I have traveled the world. America is the most beautiful country on Earth.
The only job @BarackObama cares about is his own. Everything he does is for his own reelection.
When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan? We must rebuild our country first.
The GOP primary schedule is a disaster. Not enough time.
@BarackObama is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure. Does he really believe we are that stupid?
Why is the UN condemning @Israel and doing nothing about Syria? What a disgrace.
In order to save Medicare and stop record premium increases--we must repeal ObamaCare.
Washington is wasting over $2 billion this year on Solyndra type loans. Yet they want to cut military spending.
China is threatening Washington over the currency bill.  We should pass it immediately.
@BarackObama sold guns to the Mexican drug cartels.  They were used in the murders of Americans . Where is the outrage?
@BarackObama now says  that he is an "underdog in 2012." America should be so lucky. We still need a solid candidate.
Our national debt has grown by 30% and a gallon of gas has doubled so far under @BarackObama. He is a disaster.
The Democrats in the Super Committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks. Huge mistake. Cut wasteful spending first.
Great meeting with @THEHermanCain yesterday in Trump Tower. Great guy!
Looking forward to visiting the Trump Vineyard Estates today in Charlottesville, VA, for a press conference and the grand opening.
I was on  CNN last night with @ErinBurnett.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren @Gretawire tonight at 10 p.m. on Fox News.
It's about time Italy recognized the innocence of @AmandaKnox---great news!
Looking forward to speaking at #sparknb next week in Atlantic Canada--my first time ever.
@THeCelebrityApprentice  cast is set---the best we've ever had. Shooting starts in 2 weeks---airs  in February.
@USGovernment has done nothing to help @AmandaKnox.
@AmandaKnox is innocent.  Italian government should pay for this travesty.
Sadly, Vanity Fair is a rapidly dying magazine. Needs new blood--and fast! Going the way of SPY Magazine.
The unemployment numbers are tragic. We are letting the world take our jobs.  It has to stop!
@BarackObama said yesterday that we have "gone soft." How can the world respect us when our own President doesn't?
How many  more billions of dollars will @BarackObama continue to waste in these solar companies?
Everyone should boycott Italy if Amanda Knox is  not freed---she is totally innocent.
@JonHuntsman called to set up a meeting. Haven't returned his call.
A simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs. Unfortunately,  Washington is incapable of simplifying anything.
The only way for Medicare and Social Security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy. @BarackObama doesn't get it.
The Iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts. They laugh at us. We can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons.
The Fed's reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation.
China does not negotiate from a position of strength, we simply negotiate against ourselves. We have all the advantages but don't execute.
Really bad ratings  for Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC---O'Reilly is killing him!
@JonHuntsman has zero chance of getting the nomination. Whoever said I wanted to meet him? Time is money and I don't waste mine.
When will @BarackObama present an actual budget? Enough with the games.
China is stealing our jobs. We need to demand China stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage.
ObamaCare must be completely repealed. A recent report from UBS shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring.
Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends.
It seems @BarackObama had our tax dollars buy guns for Mexican drug lords that were used to kill Americans. We need answers now.
Our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. We must cut government spending.
Obama Care’s taxes vest in 2014. Conveniently after the 2012 election. Coincidence?
OPEC is ripping us off on oil. We are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy. #Solyndra
Our deficit spending is China’s gain. @BarackObama is bankrupting our country.
Government waste, fraud and abuse should be immediately addressed. This will help solve our deficit crisis both short and long term.
@EricTrump is doing a great job on completing our new Trump Winery in Virginia.
@BarackObama's Jobs Plan sure looks like a Tax Increase Plan to me.
Australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love America.
China is neither an ally or a friend--they want to beat us and own our country.
Our next President must stop China's Rip-off of America.
Rick Perry is right when he says we must stand by Israel in the UN.
ObamaCare will destroy small business--the backbone of America's economy.
Sorry I will miss the CPAC gathering in Orlando--there in spirit--Obama must go.
I find it really hard to listen to @BarackObama's speeches. He doesn't have a clue.
It  seems there is never a problem for which @BarackObama cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax.
How will raising taxes create jobs? Washington is all out of answers. New leadership is needed.
I am increasingly concerned with the UN's ploy against @Israel this coming week and will monitor all events closely from Australia.
If China had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent. Instead we continue to buy oil from OPEC.
@BarackObama---great job on Solyndra. You are some extremely skilled venture capitalist. Stick to the memoirs and speeches.
@BarackObama -- honored and excited to be listed on @AttackWatch. Thanks. BTW -- where are the jobs?   Donald.
I applaud @netanyahu for announcing that he will show up at the UN to defend @Israel. A true US friend and great leader.
We can create jobs in the American economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector.
Can you imagine if @BarackObama had passed Cap and Trade?!  Energy costs would be double from already record highs.
The Solyndra Scandal--@BarackObama's $500Million photo op. He loves wasting our money.
Had dinner with @RickPerry last night---great guy, straight shooter, impressive record.
Third Gun Linked to 'Fast and Furious' Identified at Border Agent's Murder Scene. When will the White House come clean?
@BarackObama's job bill contains the word 'Tax' over 330 times--that will sure work!
Bob Turner--great guy, great businessman, will be a great Congressman. Was happy to help him win.
I'm looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at Macy's Herald Square.  5:30 pm at the Crystal department on 8.
@BarackObama will hear loud and clear today the message NY-9 is sending by electing @Bobturner9th -- @Israel is our friend and ally.
The White House is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the Fast and Furious investigation. American lives were lost. We need answers.
How can the economy ever recover when @BarackObama keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes. This is no way to spur growth.
I'm urging my friends in Brooklyn to vote for Bob Turner tomorrow--send @barackobama a message.
Friends in NY-9, let @BarackObama know that you don't approve of his mistreatment of @Israel.  Vote for @Bobturner9th tomorrow!
The American economy would grow if Washington didn’t keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. Government is not the solution.
The World Economic Forum now ranks the US the fifth most competitive economy in the world. We have fallen from first under @BarackObama.
Iran’s nuclear program must be stopped – by any and all means necessary.
Very exciting. I will be at Macy’s Herald Square this Wednesday at 5:30pm to celebrate the launch of Trump Home crystal!
Want jobs? Slash corporate tax rate.  Tax incentives for companies that create jobs in US.  America will boom.
@BarackObama---the stimulus will fail, just like the first.
I watched POTUS speech from Europe---same old "tax and spend" won't create jobs.
Why is the UN planning to attack @Israel's sovereignty and ignore Iran's nuclear program? The US should look at future funding.
China is happy to learn that @BarackObama plans to borrow another $300 Billion. @BarackObama is their favorite client.
If only speeches could create jobs then @BarackObama wouldn't have such a dismal economic record.
America needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer.
Why was @BarackObama selling guns to Mexican drug dealers?
A robust growing economy is how to fix Social Security and Medicare---not cuts on Seniors.
US should have told Libya "Rebels" --- give us 50% of your oil for our military support.
@BarackObama trillion $ stimulus was supposed to create jobs -- instead it gave us more debt and higher unemployment.
@BarackObama wishes speeches could create jobs.  His job is costing America all of ours.
Fast and Furious   gun running goes all the way to the White House.  We need answers now!
Oil is double the price now compared to last year--OPEC is laughing at @BarackObama.
Fast and Furious put semi-automatics in the hands of Mexican drug lords that killed Americans - @BarackObama should answer all questions.
The White House is predicting 9% unemployment throughout 2012 – and when Obama Care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher.
Make no mistake---Fast and Furious goes ALL the way to the White House.
@BarackObama is so inept that I think he simply  made a mistake in originally scheduling the Joint Session on September 7th. Just sad.
We must stand firm against the UN's ploy to sabotage Israel---if the UN grants the PA statehood then we must immediately defund it.
I'll be  on Greta Van Susteren's show tonight at 10 PM on FoxNews. Tune in.
Libya is being taken over by Islamic radicals---with @BarackObama's open support.
China's business interests reach far and wide---even domestically within our borders. We need to reassess our relationship.
The new Libyan Government should turn over the Lockerbie bomber---now.
ObamaCare must be fully repealed or it will destroy America's small businesses.
If the UN unilaterally grants the Palestinians statehood, then the US should cut off all its funding. Actions have consequences.
If the Palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group Hamas?
Crude is at $85 right now – isn’t even worth half that. OPEC is ripping us off.
@BarackObama MUST release a budget before @johnboehner begins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution.
Libyan Rebels should have given us 50% of the oil in return for our military support---we don't even ask!
More and more Americans seem fed up with both Parties----I agree.
There is no substitute for private sector experience.
Why did @BarackObama and his family travel separately to Martha's Vineyard? They love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers' dime.
America needs a President who can negotiate better deals for the American People.
China's corporate espionage is a continued threat to the American economy. With the right leadership, it can be stopped.
@BarackObama inherited $10.6 Trillion in National Debt---will leave after his first term with the Debt at over $17.6 Trillion.
There usually is an easy solution to every problem. For instance, a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election.
We have spent over $1 Billion on the  Libya operation. What are we getting back?
As bad as Qaddafi was---what comes next in Libya will be worse---just watch.
Let's not start celebrating over Libya until we see who takes over.
We  spent over a billion on Libya and lead the way---why is Europe getting the oil?
@RonPaul has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration. Wrong for media to ignore him.
We don't need another stimulus. The first one was a complete failure. Why repeat the same mistake?
Israel is being barraged by rockets from Gaza recently. They must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens.
@BarackObama is sure a master delegator. He has sent @Joe_Biden to China. The Chinese are laughing at us. We MUST do better.
@BarackObama’s new job plan will certainly do the following – 1. Not create any jobs. 2. Borrow more money from China. 
Insurgents in Iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacks---US wastes  trillions.
Karl Rove --lost GOP both Houses of Congress and the White House--gave us Obama.
Ron Paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in Iraq and Afghanistan.
@BarackObama has a record low 39% Gallup approval rating. Why so high?
Amazing--Obama speaks, market goes  DOWN---Trump tells CNBC he's buying stock---market goes UP --- should not be that way!
China is a threat to America. They are not our friend.
Unemployment is plaguing both Black and Hispanic youths. Very troubling.
@BarackObama played golf yesterday. Now he  heads to a 10 day vacation in Martha's Vineyard.  Nice work ethic.
Reporters say it's the Trump Bump---I tell CNBC I am buying stocks--- and the market goes up.
Economic growth can save Social Security, Medicare and America.
Mike Huckebee, a great guy, said the President should appoint me Treasury Secretary. China and OPEC would not be happy.
Ron Paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. He believes in Government.
It's easy to see why Americans are sick of career politicians and both parties.
How will Mitt Romney defend his  record on jobs and Romneycare in tonight's debate?
Looking forward to the GOP  debate and the outcome of the Ames straw poll. We must get a real leader.
The Fed continues to flood the market with US dollars. Wrong move.
Oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times. OPEC continues to rip us off. Not worth $30. New leadership needed.
Congress should get back to Washington, but @BarackObama doesn't want to interrupt his vacation in Martha's Vineyard.
The S&P downgrade is a direct result of @BarackObama's increased reckless budget spending and Obama Care. He owns this.
Obama Care is already having a devastating impact on our economy.
America's debt officially became 100% of our GDP on @BarackObama's 50th birthday---coincidence?
Thanks to Giovanni's Coal Fire Pizza of Florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 Police Athletic League youngsters in NY this Friday.
Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren on her show, On the Record, tonight on Fox News in the 10 p.m. hour.
Morning Joe Panel is stealing many of  my statements and ideas to better America without giving credit -- the story of my life!
Republicans gave Obama a free pass to the White House -- they just don't get it.
I believe America can be great only with proper leadership.
Wake Up America -- China is eating our lunch.
All those politicians in Washington and not one good negotiator.
No taxes the only good thing about DC Debt Deal.
The more you learn about the debt deal, the worse it gets.
Republicans and Democrats have both created our economic problems.
Why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? America must remain strong.
This is the best deal the Republicans could get?
Disappointed in GOP and Dems---Giving Obama power to raise the debt limit next year is  a mistake.
Ex-Presidential Pollster Pat Cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure.
We need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem.
No taxes in Boehner or Reid Plan----important victory for America.
Watched Sean Hannity last night -- a great guy.
If Obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses  -- "Watch the fine details in every deal" -- The Art of the Deal
Blue Ribbon Commission to find and agree to future spending cuts? Bad idea.
I just got Mike Leach's new book,  Swing Your Sword. He's a great coach, and he's written a great book. It's definitely worth reading.
@BarackObama has not released his own debt plan yet. He's totally lost, ineffective, desperate. GOP has its best chance to make a great deal
My wife Melania Trump's show was a tremendous success last night. In case you missed her, you can see her again tonight on @QVC at 7 pm ET
@Johnboehner  "The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it."  --The Art of the Deal
Please tweet me your questions to answer in my #trumpvlog.
@KarlRove's @CrossroadsGPS new ad criticizes Obama for his excessive spending and debt, borrowing from China. Didn't Bush do the same thing?
People ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous!
Watch my wife Melania Trump tonight on @QVC at 1 a.m.  So proud of her!
Higher Taxes kill job creation---cut wild government spending and waste.
China has so much of our debt that they can't put us in default w/o killing themselves---US needs our toughest negotiator---and fast!
America's debt is greater than our GDP. Time for new thinking.
Fiscal mismanagement of cash costing US Taxpayer billions---cut fraud and waste before cutting funding for Seniors.
Obama, sadly, has no business or private sector background---and it shows.
The Answer to both Social Security and Medicare is a robust growing economy---not cuts on the elderly.
We need a balanced budget Amendment because Congress has no fiscal discipline.
Unfortunately@BarackObama's continued attack on the US $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things
Ronald Kessler's new book "The Secrets of the FBI" is a great book that should be read by everyone.
Obama is addicted to spending America into insolvency. His record proves it.
Robust Economic growth is the answer to the Medicare Problem--not cuts on the elderly.
While @BarackObama seeks to further destroy  our credit, our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs. Such a total failure---as a President.
@johnboehner  @EricCantor  "You can't con people...if you don't deliver the goods, people will eventually catch on." - The Art of the Deal
So China is ordering us to raise the Debt Limit...How low have we as a nation sunk?
The GOP doesn't waste  an opportunity to waste an opportunity. Defunding Obamacare should be central to any deal.
Every dollar @BarackObama spends costs $1.40 with interest borrowed from China on our children and grandchildren's backs. CUT-CAP-BALANCE!
@BarackObama has sold guns to Mexican drug lords while his DOJ erodes our 2nd  Amendment rights.
Congratulations to my daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared on the birth of  their daughter Arabella Rose yesterday.
Who will be the next @TheRealTeenUSA? Find out this Saturday at 8PM ET on missteenusa.com  #TeenUSA
What is better advice- "The Art of the Deal" or "Rules for Radicals"? I know which one @BarackObama prefers.
CUT, CAP AND BALANCE. TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY!
US News named the Top10 best hotels in the US--and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower NYC and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower Chicago are on the list!
@johnboehner Debt Ceiling- "Sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal."
@macmiller "Donald Trump the Song" gets 16M hits on YouTube. Who wouldn't be flattered?
@johnboehner "Much as it pays to emphasize the positive, there are times when the only choice is confrontation."  The Art of the Deal
@johnboehner Mr. Speaker, bring the Balanced Budget Amendment to the floor for a vote! Let's get the ball rolling.
House GOP wants to cut Medicare, Obama took $500 billion from Medicare for Obamacare. Both Wrong!
@johnboehner Message for House GOP  "The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." - The Art of the Deal.
If only @Obama was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening Israel's borders then America would be on the path to solvency.
THe Art of the Deal--"The best thing you can do is deal from strength, and leverage is the biggest strength you have." CUT, CAP and BALANCE.
Republicans should not negotiate against themselves again with @BarackObama in today's debt talks--First and foremost CUT,CAP and BALANCE.
Congress is back.TIME TO CUT, CAP AND BALANCE.There is no revenue problem.The Debt Limit cannot be raised until Obama spending is contained.
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day holiday weekend, a great celebration for a great country.
I was in San Jose, CA on Saturday for a sit-down interview for the ACN national meeting which was attended by over 20,000 people. Huge!
Our new Miss USA, Alyssa Campanella, came up to my office today for a visit. We're proud to have her as our new title holder.
Congratulations to the Miss USA Pageant--it was the #1 telecast of the night among ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox. A great show and a huge success.
Tweet me your questions for the next #trumpvlog....
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day, and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country.
This has been a very difficult decision regarding the Presidential run and I want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support.
Be sure to watch The Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC. It's an episode you'll want to see---and one you won't forget!
Catch the second part of my interview with Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8pm on Fox News....
Watch me tonight on The O'Reilly Factor at 8 pm and 11 pm EST, FOX News
The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump last week was the #1 highest rated Comedy Central Roast ever...it brought in 3.5 milion viewers
I'll be on with Larry Kudlow of the Kudlow Report tonight on CNBC at 7 p.m. We'll be discussing current affairs and politics. Tune in.
@shouldtrumprun Hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumprun.com  
Have you?
Hey @realjeffreyross @whitney cummings @lisalampanelli: you call yourselves comedians? #TrumpRoast tonight 10:30/9:30c on @ComedyCentral.
Hey @SnoopDogg @ItstheSituation @SethMacFarlane: Oh, I'm real scared. #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30 on @Comedy Central.
Tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video....
I appeared on David Letterman last night. And don't forget Sunday night---the first episode of Celebrity Apprentice will be on NBC at 9 pm.
I was on the TODAY Show this morning and then visited Regis & Kelly. The Celebrity Apprentice starts this Sunday night—don’t miss it!
THe Westminster Dog Show asked if I'd be interested in meeting Hickory, a Scottish Deerhound, who won Best in Show. She came to visit today!
It was great to appear on Piers Morgan Tonight last night as his first live guest. Piers won the Celebrity Apprentice and he's fantastic.
Watch Melania on QVC this morning from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. with her third line of her "Melania Timepieces & Jewelry" collection...
THe people at shouldtrumprun.com have got it right! How are our factories supposed to compete with China and other countries...
Don't miss my fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning January 31 at 9 pm ET. Celebrity matches and more...
Don't forget to watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, 12:35 a.m. on NBC. I'll be making a big announcement!
This afternoon I'll be speaking with Neil Cavuto on Your World with Neil Cavuto, 4 p.m. on FOX News.
Watch me on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night at 12:35 a.m. on NBC--I'll be making a big announcement!
WIshing everyone a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year!
Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season!
Don't forget to watch Larry King tonight, CNN at 9 pm.  He's a television legend and a great friend. It's going to be a fantastic farewell.
I'll be appearing on Larry King Live for his final show, Thursday night at 9 p.m., CNN. Larry's been on TV for 25 years...
Those five hotels includeTrump International Hotel & Tower New York, Trump Soho New York, Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago...
All the hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure's "World's Best Awards 2011" .....
Congratulations to Brandy as our new Apprentice and to Clint for being a great player. It's been a terrific season!
Tonight is the Apprentice finale---and it's a fantastic episode in every way, with the great Liza Minnelli performing and a new Apprentice!
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one of the best ever--we're down to the final 3, and it's high excitement all the way. 10 pm on NBC.
Congratulations to Evan Lysacek for being nominated SI sportsman of the year. He's a great guy, and he has my vote!  #EvanForSI
My best wishes to everyone for a Happy Thanksgiving!
Tomorrow night's episode of The Apprentice delivers excitement at QVC along with appearances by Isaac Mizrahi and Cathie Black. 10 pm on NBC
Watch CNN tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on Friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a Thanksgiving Special hosted by John King. I'll be a featured guest.
Staff Sgt. Salvatore A. Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres. Obama this month. It was a great honor to have him visit me today.
We're getting down to the wire on The Apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action! 10 p.m. on NBC.
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show -- don't miss it! 10 p.m. on NBC.
Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one you won't want to miss! Be sure to tune in--10 p.m. on NBC.
I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren, 10 p.m. on Fox News. It will be the first of a two part series.
I was on The View this morning. We talked about The Apprentice. Tonight's episode is a great one--tough, exciting and surprising. 10 pm/NBC
Be prepared for a sensational episode of The Apprentice tomorrow night, 10 pm on NBC.
Don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of The Apprentice-- 10 pm on NBC
Be sure to watch The Apprentice tonight, 10 p.m. on NBC--it's an episode you won't forget!
Don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of The Apprentice--10 p.m. on NBC.
I'm honored to be presented the award of Doctor of Business Administration Honoris Causa from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen, Scotland
Tune in tonight at 10 pm on NBC for another exciting episode of The Apprentice -- and see the Dog Whisperer make an appearance.
Don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of The Apprentice. 9 pm EST on NBC. We're all in for a fantastic new season!
I am very happy to have the civilian version of "The Apprentice" back on the air this fall. There will be excitement as well as opportunity.
I was invited by Caroline Wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the U.S. Open yesterday. She's fantastic!
I'll be on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show. 11:30 pm on CBS.
Went to the Yankees game last night with Bill O'Reilly--we had a great time watching the Yankees win!
Spent a beautiful weekend golfing at Trump National Golf Club Westchester and Trump National Golf Club Bedminster.
The Miss Universe Pageant raked in some great ratings!  A great job by everyone.
Congratulations to Miss Mexico, Jimena Navarrete, our new Miss Universe 2010, and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show.
It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas tonight! Watch the Miss Universe Pageant tonight on NBC at 9 p.m. I'm looking forward to being there!
Four more days until the Miss Universe Pageant. Be sure to tune in on Monday night at 9 p.m. on NBC--it will be an amazing show.
The original Apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on Thursday September 16th. Looking forward to a fantastic season!
So don't forget to enter the Serta Counting Sheep for Hire contest!  www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta
Friday is the last day to enter the Counting Sheep for Hire contest. Click here www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta and you could win a trip
Check out the last webisode www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?
Check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta. Which one was your favorite?  www.youtube.com/user/mattressserta
Performing live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino will be Telemundo, Orianthi, John Legend and The Roots.
The Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 (9-11 p.m. on NBC, ET) with Bret Michaels and Natalie Morales to co-host, live from Las Vegas
I'm proud to accept the 2010 HollyRod Foundation Humanitarian Award from Holly Robinson Peete, who raised $700,000 on Celebrity Apprentice
George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. There will never be anyone like him in New York. We've lost a truly great man.
The new edition of The Apprentice will be on Thursdays this fall at 10 pm ET---I'm putting people back to work!
Due to popular demand, CNN will re-broadcast  the Larry King Live show I hosted in June, in which I interview Larry. Monday July 5, 9 pm CNN
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day weekend. We have a lot to be thankful for.
Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Telethon last night--$1.3 million was raised in 2 hours.
Tune in tonight at 9 pm on TV One for "The Ultimate Merger" starring the one and only Omarosa and twelve brave bachelors ...
Had a fantastic dinner last night at Quattro, in the Trump SoHo Hotel. It's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city.
I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign. Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower.
Tonight I trade places with Larry King @kingsthings and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9PM on CNN featuring best clips.
I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night.  I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show.
Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day Weekend, with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom.
The Dunes here are amazing, and  they're how I learned about geomorphology, which is the study of movement landforms. We've had a great trip
The North Coast of Scotland is spectacular--the sea, the sand dunes, the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic.
Scotland is beautiful. I spent several years looking for the right place, visiting over 200 sites, and this is absolutely the right place!
The ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. It was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone!
Congratulations to Bret Michaels, the new Celebrity Apprentice. Bret's a true champion, all of us were happy to see him and to see him win!
The latest update on Bret Michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday--so tune in!
Check out Ivanka's new FaceBook page and keep up with what's happening--from The Celebrity Apprentice, to jewlery to free tickets and more..
Put  this on your calendar: The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p.m. on NBC. Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice?
Congratulations to our new Miss USA,  the beautiful Rima Fakih.  Rima will represent us well at Miss Universe and be a wonderful Miss USA .
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET, hosted by Curtis Stone & Natalie Morales live from Las Vegas.
We're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery.
Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers. A fantastic lineup!
Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls...
Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant, Sunday May 16 on NBC, 7 p.m. ET,  hosted by Curtis Stone and Natalie Morales.
Be sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9 pm ET where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection.
Melania will be on QVC tomorrow night at 9 p.m. ET to introduce her beautiful and inspiring Melania Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry collection.
Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight, 9 p.m. on CNN. Be sure to tune in for some great conversation!
Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery.
To put on your calendar for May: Miss USA 2010, live from Las Vegas on May 16th, 7 p.m. ET on NBC. I'll be there--tune in for a great show!
Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a.m. on CBS. Tune in for some great fun!
Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great. An amazing  theatrical experience!
Tune in to The Marriage Ref onThursday night at 10 p.m. on NBC--I'm on the panel of experts along with Gloria Estefan & Adam Carolla.
On Sunday, Jerome Bettis 'the bus' from the Pittsburgh Steelers will play at Trump Int'l Golf Club/Palm Beach against Julius Erving 'Dr J'
Looking forward to seeing the World Champion Yankees today on opening day!
The premiere of "Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf" is tomorrow night at 9 p.m.
ET on Golf Channel. Tune in for a great adventure!
This is a terrific day for downtown New York. Trump SoHo is unlike anything else. Be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon!
My bestselling book from last April, Think Like a Champion, is now available in paperback. It's inspiring, entertaining, and a great read.
Then we attended the Scottish fashion show that benefits veterans, Dressed to Kilt 2010, which I co-hosted with Sir Sean and Lady Connery.
Last night Melania and I attended the Skating with the Stars Gala at Wollman Rink in Central Park, it was fantastic. Stay tuned for Part 2..
Today's open call drew thousands of  eager applicants. It was an impressive group,  I enjoyed meeting them. We've got some great candidates!
Don't forget the open call at Trump Tower tomorrow for The Apprentice. I look forward to seeing you there.
The NYC casting call for The Apprentice is thisThursday, April 1 at Trump Tower. For all the information you need, go to NBC.com/casting.
The Trump Hotel Collection is currently nominated for Conde Nast Traveler Readers Choice Awards, Travel & Leisure and World Travel Awards.
Last week's episode of the Celebrity Apprentice set the stage for a great new season. Tune in this Sunday on NBC for even more excitement.
I am happy to announce that theoriginal Apprentice --which will offer job opportunities to those in need--is coming back.
Olympic Gold  Medalist Evan Lysacek just left my office. He is in town and wanted to meet me--he's a fanastic guy and a true champion.
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great start-- last night it swept the 10 p.m. hour in every key demographic.
The Celebrity Apprentice has a two-hour premiere this Sunday, March 14th, at 9 p.m. on NBC. This will be the best season yet, see you then!
From Donald Trump: “I’m so proud of my wife Melania and the launch of her new jewelry line, to debut on QVC on April 30th at 9 p.m.”
Superbowl Sunday is a great American tradition. The Colts and Saints are already champions, but may the best team win!
from Donald Trump: "I saw Lady Gaga last night and she was fantastic!"
Celebrity Apprentice returns to NBC, Sunday, 3/14, 9-11PM ET/PT. Outstanding list of celebrities & season should be the best one yet!
From Donald Trump: Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy, healthy, prosperous New Year. Let’s think like champions in 2010!
Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving!
--Work has begun, ahead of schedule, to build the greatest golf course in history: Trump International – Scotland.
--From Donald Trump: "Ivanka and Jared’s wedding was spectacular, and they make a beautiful couple. I’m a very proud father."
Ivanka is now on Twitter - You can follow her @IvankaTrump - Have a terrific weekend!
Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it! --Donald J. Trump
RE: Michael Jackson: "He was a great friend and a spectacular entertainer. It’s a devastating loss!" -Donald J. Trump
Thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes – Donald Trump
Miss USA Tara Conner will not be fired - "I've always been a believer in second chances." says Donald Trump
Donald Trump will be appearing on The View tomorrow morning to discuss Celebrity Apprentice and his new book Think Like A Champion!
Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight!
